The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because they feared violence.
The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because they advocated violence.
Who feared violence?
Who advocated violence?
If person A fears violence and person B advocates violence , person A might refuse person B a permit.

The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because it's too small.
The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because it's too large.
What is too small?
What is too large?
If thing A is big and thing B is small, thing A doesn’t fit into thing B.

Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help she had given.
Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help she had received.
Who had given help?
Who had received help?
If B gives help to A or A receives help from B, person A thanks person B. If person B gives help to person A, person A receives help from person B.

Paul tried to call George on the phone, but he wasn't successful.
Paul tried to call George on the phone, but he wasn't available.
Who was not successful?
Who was not available?
If person A try to call person B, person A might be not successful and person B might be not available.

The lawyer asked the witness a question, but he was reluctant to answer it .
The lawyer asked the witness a question, but he was reluctant to repeat it .
Who was reluctant to answer the question?
Who was reluctant to repeat the question?
If person A asks person B a question, person A might not repeat the question again and person B might not answer the question.

The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because it was going so fast.
The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because it was going so slow.
What was going so fast?
What was going so slow?
If car A goes so fast and car B goes so slow, car A zooms by car B.

Frank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that he was the winner of the competition.
Frank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that he was the winner of the competition.
Who was the winner of the competition?
If person B and person A is rival and person B is the winner of the competition, person B will feel vindicated and person A will feel crushed.

The man couldn't lift his son because he was so weak.
The man couldn't lift his son because he was so heavy.
Who was weak?
Who was heavy?
If person A is weak and person B is heavy, person A couldn’t lift person B.

The large ball crashed right through the table because it was made of steel.
The large ball crashed right through the table because it was made of styrofoam.
What was made of steel?
What was made of styrofoam?
If thing A is solid and thing B is fragile, thing A can crash right through thing B.  If thing A is made of steel, thing A is solid. If thing A is made of styrofoam, thing A is fragile.

John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because he is so short.
John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because he is so tall.
Who is so short?
Who is so tall?
If person A is short and person B is tall, and person B stands in front of person A, person A can’t see something.

Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after he reached the top of the stairs.
Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after he reached the bottom of the stairs.
Who reached the top of the stairs?
Who reached the bottom of the stairs?
If  person A is at the top and person B is at the bottom, person A can throw something to person B.

Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because she had such a good start.
Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because she had such a bad start.
Who had a good start?
Who had a bad start?
If person A has a good start and person B has bad start and person A and person B runs at the same speed, person A beats person B. If person A and person B runs at the same speed, person B and person A runs at the same speed.

The sculpture rolled off the shelf because it wasn't anchored.
The sculpture rolled off the shelf because it wasn't level.
What wasn't anchored?
What wasn't level?
If thing A isn’t anchored or thing B isn’t level, thing A runs off thing B.

Sam's drawing was hung just above Tina's and it did look much better with another one below it.
Sam's drawing was hung just above Tina's and it did look much better with another one above it.
Which looked better?


Anna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because she had studied so hard.
Anna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because she had studied so hard.
Who studied hard?
If person A studies hard, person A does better than person B and person B does worse than person A.

The firemen arrived after the police because they were coming from so far away.
The firemen arrived before the police because they were coming from so far away.
Who came from far away?
If person A comes from far away, person A comes after person B and person B comes before person A.

Frank was upset with Tom because the toaster he had bought from him didn't work.
Frank was upset with Tom because the toaster he had sold to him didn't work.
Who had bought the toaster?
Who had sold the toaster?
If person A is upset with person B, person B does something bad to person A. If something person A bought from person B doesn’t work or something person B sold to person A doesn’t work, person B does something bad to person A..

Jim yelled at Kevin because he was so upset.
Jim comforted Kevin because he was so upset.
Who was upset?
If person A is upset, person A might do something strange or somebody might comfort person A. If person A yells at person B, person A is doing something strange.

The sack of potatoes had been placed above the bag of flour, so it had to be moved first.
The sack of potatoes had been placed below the bag of flour, so it had to be moved first.
What had to be moved first?
If thing A is placed above thing B or thing B is placed below thing A,  thing A has to be moved first. 

Pete envies Martin because he is very successful.
Pete envies Martin although he is very successful.
Who is very successful?
If person A is successful, somebody might envy person A.

I was trying to balance the bottle upside down on the table, but I couldn't do it because it was so top-heavy.
I was trying to balance the bottle upside down on the table, but I couldn't do it because it was so uneven.
What was top-heavy?
What was uneven?
If  thing A is top-heavy or thing B is uneven, somebody can’t balance thing A on thing B.

I spread the cloth on the table in order to protect it.
I spread the cloth on the table in order to display it.
To protect what?
To display what?
If somebody spread thing A on thing B, thing A is displayed and thing B is covered by thing A. If thing B is covered by thing A, thing B is protected.

The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued them.
The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished them.
Whom did we rescue?
Whom did we punish?
If person A bully person B, person A does something bad and person B is in danger. If person A is in danger, person A will be rescued. If person A does something bad, person A will be punished.

I poured water from the bottle into the cup until it was full.
I poured water from the bottle into the cup until it was empty.
What was full?
What was empty?
If somebody pours something from thing A into thing B, thing A will be empty and thing B will be full.

Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because she is nosy.
Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because she is indiscreet.
Who is nosy?
Who is indiscreet?
If person A is nosy, person A will know about somebody’s personal problems. If person A is indiscreet, somebody will know about person A’s personal problems.

Sid explained his theory to Mark but he couldn't convince him.
Sid explained his theory to Mark but he couldn't understand him.
Who did not convince whom?
Who did not understand whom?
If person A explains something to person B, person A might not convince person B and person B might not understand person A.

Susan knew that Ann's son had been in a car accident, so she told her about it.
Susan knew that Ann's son had been in a car accident, because she told her about it.
Who told the other about the accident?
If person A knows sth, person A might tell sth to somebody. If person A tells person B srth, person B knows sth.

Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though he is 30 years older.
Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though he is 30 years younger.
Who is older?
Who is younger?
If person A is younger than person B, person A can beat person B. If person A is older than person B, person B is younger than person A.

The police left the house and went into the garage, where they found the murder weapon.
The police left the house and went into the garage, after they found the murder weapon.
Where did they find the murder weapon?
If person A did sth in place B, person A might leave place B after person A did sth.

The painting in Mark's living room shows an oak tree. It is to the right of the bookcase.
The painting in Mark's living room shows an oak tree. It is to the right of a house.
What is to the right of the bookcase?
What is to the right of a house?
If thing A is to the right of thing B, thing A is near thing B. If thing A is near thing B, thing A is in the same place with thing B. A tree can not be in a room. A bookcase can be in a room.

There is a gap in the wall. You can see the garden through it.
There is a gap in the wall. You can see the garden behind it.
You can see the garden through what?
You can see the garden behind what?
Person A can see thing A through a gap. Person A can see thing A behind a wall.

The drain is clogged with hair. It has to be cleaned.
The drain is clogged with hair. It has to be removed.
What has to be cleaned?
What has to be removed?
If thing A is clogged with thing B, thing A must be cleaned and thing B must be removed.

My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, it was short, so it worked out.
My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, it was delayed, so it worked out.
What was short?
What was delayed?
If thing A is short, thing A costs less time. If thing A begins before thing B, and thing A costs less time, it is lucky. If thing A begins before thing B and thing B is delayed, it is lucky.

There is a pillar between me and the stage, and I can't see it.
There is a pillar between me and the stage, and I can't see around it.
What can't I see?
What can't I see around?
If thing A is between somebody and thing B, he can’t see thing B and he can’t see around thing A.

They broadcast an announcement, but a subway came into the station and I couldn't hear it.
They broadcast an announcement, but a subway came into the station and I couldn't hear over it.
What couldn't I hear?
What couldn't I hear over?
If somebody broadcast sth, another might not hear it. If there exists a loud, another one might not hear over it. If a subway comes, there exists a loud.

In the middle of the outdoor concert, the rain started falling, and it continued until 10.
In the middle of the outdoor concert, the rain started falling, but it continued until 10.
What continued until 10?


I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put it in the drawer.
I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put it in the trash.
What did I put in the drawer?
What did I put in the trash?
If somebody uses thing A to clean thing B,  thing A is dirty and thing B is cleaned. If thing A is cleaned, thing A will be pushed in the drawer. If thing A is dirty, thing A will be pushed in the trash.

Ann asked Mary what time the library closes, but she had forgotten.
Ann asked Mary what time the library closes, because she had forgotten.
Who had forgotten?
If person A forgets sth, person A might ask sb sth.

I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that it would be lighter.
I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that it would be handy.
What would be lighter?
What would be handy?
If somebody takes thing A out of thing B, thing B will be lighter and thing A will be handy.

I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because it was too high.
I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because it was too tall.
What was too high?
What was too tall?
If  thing A is tall or thing B is high, somebody can’t put thing A on the thing B.



I'm sure that my map will show this building; it is very famous.
I'm sure that my map will show this building; it is very good.
What is famous?
What is good?
If a map shows thing A, a map might be good and thing A might be famous.

Bob paid for Charlie's college education. He is very generous.
Bob paid for Charlie's college education. He is very grateful.
Who is generous?
Who is grateful?
If person A pays for thing C and thing C belongs to person B, person A is generous and person B is grateful.

Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. He is very hurt.
Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. He is very ungrateful.
Who is hurt?
Who is ungrateful?
If person A helps person B and person B acts as though it never happened, person A might be hurt and person B might be ungrateful.

Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, he would have won.
Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, he would have lost.
Who would have won?
Who would have lost?
If person A is way head  and person B doesn’t have a sudden run of good luck, person A wins and person B loses.

Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, he would be here by this time.
Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, he would be gone by this time.
Who would be here?
Who would be gone?
If person A leaves some place for sth on time, person A would be here by this time. If person A leaves some place for sth on time and person A replaces person B, person B would be gone by this time.

If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, he would have gotten a lot of money.
If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, he would have lost a lot of money.
Who would have gotten the money?
Who would have lost the money?
If person A succeed in fooling person B, person A will get benefit and person B will lose benefit. If person A get money, person A will get benefit. If person B will lose money, person B will lose benefit.

It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because it was hot.
It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because it was cooler.
What was hot?
What was cooler?
If thing A is hot, thing A would move to place B and place B is cooler. If thing A is exposed to the sun, thing A is hot. If thing A is sitting in the middle of the lawn, thing A might be exposed to the sun.



The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but it was too cautious.
The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but it was too impatient.
What was too cautious?
What was too impatient?
If thing A is waiting for its prey, thing A might be impatient or its prey might be cautious. Mouse is cat’s prey.

Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. She is a very charming woman.
Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. She is a very charming baby.
Who is a very charming woman?
Who is a very charming baby?
If person A is a woman and person B is a baby, person A might give birth to person B.

Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why she was behaving so strangely.
Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why she was behaving so strangely.
Who was behaving strangely?
If person A stop person B doing sth normal, person A behaves so strangely. If person A doing sth strange, person A behaves so strangely. If person A is chatting , person A is doing sth normal. If person A is barking ,person A is doing sth strange.

I saw Jim yelling at some guy in a military uniform with a huge red beard. I don't know who he was, but he looked very unhappy.
I saw Jim yelling at some guy in a military uniform with a huge red beard. I don't know why he was, but he looked very unhappy.
Who looked very unhappy?


The fish ate the worm. It was tasty.
The fish ate the worm. It was hungry.
What was tasty?
What was hungry?
If thing A eats thing B, thing A is hungry and thing B is tasty.

I was trying to open the lock with the key, but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, and I couldn't get it in.
I was trying to open the lock with the key, but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, and I couldn't get it out.
What couldn't I get in?
What couldn't I get out?
If somebody tries to open the lock with the thing A, he might not get the thing A in. If somebody fills the keyhole with thing B, thing B is in the keyhole. If thing B is in the keyhole, somebody might not get thing B out.

The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. It waited at the top.
The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. It waited at the bottom.
Which waited at the top?
Which waited at the bottom?
If thing A chases thing B and thing B runs up, thing A might waits at the bottom or thing B might waits at the top.

In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get it removed.
In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get it repaired.
What has to be removed?
What has to be repaired?
If thing A crash through thing B, thing A might be removed and thing B is broken. If thing B is broken, thing B might be repaired.

The customer walked into the bank and stabbed one of the tellers. He was immediately taken to the emergency room.
The customer walked into the bank and stabbed one of the tellers. He was immediately taken to the police station.
Who was taken to the emergency room?
Who was taken to the police station?
If person A stabs person B, person B might be hurt and person A might commit a crime. If person A commits a crime, person A might be taken to the police station. If person A is hurt,  person A might be taken to emergency.

John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. He was very annoyed.
John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. He was very annoying.
Who was annoyed?
Who was annoying?
When person A hear person B and person B is making noise, person A might be annoyed or person B might be annoying. If person A is humming and whistling, person A is making noise.

John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. He was very impressed.
John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. He was very impressive.
Who was impressed?
Who was impressive?
If person A sees person B doing something, person A might be impressed and person B might be impressive.

Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. He was very ill.
Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. He was very concerned.
Who was ill?
Who was concerned?
If person A collapses, person A is ill. If person B helps person A, person B is concerned. If person A sees person B coming to help, person B helps person A.

Sam and Amy are passionately in love, but Amy's parents are unhappy about it, because they are snobs.
Sam and Amy are passionately in love, but Amy's parents are unhappy about it, because they are fifteen.
Who are snobs?
Who are fifteen?
If person A and person B are in love and they are young, person A’s parents might be unhappy and person B’s parents might be unhappy. If person A and person B are in love and parents are snobs, parents might be unhappy.

Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. He should have been more truthful.
Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. He should have been more skeptical.
Who should have been more truthful?
Who should have been more skeptical?
If person A tells person B lies, person A should be truthful and person B should be skeptical.

Joe has sold his house and bought a new one a few miles away. He will be moving out of it on Thursday.
Joe has sold his house and bought a new one a few miles away. He will be moving into it on Thursday.
Which house will he be moving out of?
Which house will he be moving into?
If somebody sells his house A and buys a house B, he might move out of house A and move into house B.

Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. They are gripped because Paul writes so well.
Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. They are popular because Paul writes so well.
Who or what are gripped?
Who or what are popular?
If person A reads thing B, person A might be gripped or thing B might be popular.

Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved it since she was a child.
Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had it since she was a child.
What has Mary loved since she was a child?
What has Mary had since she was a child?
If thing A is somebody’s favorite, he loves thing A. If somebody takes out thing A, he has thing A.

Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but it was broken, so he had to stand instead.
Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but it was broken, so he had to sing instead.
What was broken?
If chair is broken, somebody has to stand. If instrument is broken, somebody has to sing. Piano is an instrument.

Since it was raining, I carried the newspaper over my backpack to keep it dry.
Since it was raining, I carried the newspaper in my backpack to keep it dry.
What was I trying to keep dry?
If somebody carries thing A over thing B, thing A is over thing B. If somebody carries thing A in thing B, thing B is over thing A. When it is rainy and thing A is over thing B, thing B is dry.

Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads it when she gets home from work.
Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes it when she gets home from work.
What does Sara read when she gets home from work?
What does Sara write when she gets home from work?
If person A borrows a book, person A can read the book and person A can not write the book.    If person A is working on thing B, person A might write thing B.

This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon a breeze knocked it down.
This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked it down.
What did the breeze knock down?
What did the tide knock down?
If thing B is built by sand, tide will knock down thing B. Sand castle is built by sand. If thing A is in a high position,  breeze will knock down thing A. If thing A is in highest tower,  thing A is in a high position.

Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. She was out.
Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. She was disappointed.
Who was out?
Who was disappointed?
If person A knocks on person B’s door and there is no answer, person B might be not at the house or person A might be disappointed. If person B might be not at the house, person B might be out.

Jane knocked on the door, and Susan answered it. She invited her to come out.
Jane knocked on the door, and Susan answered it. She invited her to come in.
Who invited whom?
If person A knock on the door and person B answers it, person A is outside and person B is inside. If person A is outside and person B is inside, person B might invite person A to come in or person A might invite person B to come out.

Sam took French classes from Adam, because he was eager to speak it fluently.
Sam took French classes from Adam, because he was known to speak it fluently.
Who was eager to speak French fluently?
Who was known to speak French fluently?
If person A take classes from person B, person B teaches person A. If person B teaches person A, person A knows less than person B.  If person A knows less than person B, person A is eager to know something and person B is known to know something. Speak french fluently is knowing something.

The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach it.
The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use it.
What couldn't we reach?
What couldn't we use?
Path is used to reach somewhere. If path to somewhere is blocked, path can’t be used and somewhere can’t be reached.

The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, it was gone.
The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, it was out.
What was gone?
What was out?
If sun is covered by thing B and sun is out, it is lucky. If it is lucky, it is luckily. If sun is covered by thing B and thing B is gone, it is lucky.

We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so it was a dangerous place to swim.
We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so it was a safer place to swim.
Which was a dangerous place to swim?
Which was a safer place to swim?
If something dangerous is at place A, place A is dangerous.Shark is a dangerous thing.

Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but they ended up looking more like dogs.
Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but they ended up looking more like golfers.
What looked like dogs?
What looked like golfers?
If thing A looks like thing B, thing A has the same shape with thing B. Shepherd and golfers are same specie. Sheep and dogs are the same specie. Sheep and shepherd are not same specie. If thing A and thing B are same species, thing A has the same shape with thing B.

Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that she could sleep.
Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that she could work.
Who is going to sleep?
Who is going to work?
If person A tucks person B into bed, person B could sleep. If person A sleeps, person A can’t work.

Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but they were not enough for the cold in Alaska.
Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but they were not prepared for the cold in Alaska.
Who or what were not enough for the cold?
Who or what were not prepared for the cold?
Coats might not be enough for the cold. Persons might not be prepared for the cold.

Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date he had been dead for five years.
Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date he had been travelling for five years.
Who had been dead for five years?
Who had been travelling for five years?
If person A visit somewhere, person A might travel. If person A has grave, person A might be dead.

Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though he lived two centuries earlier.
Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though he lived two centuries later.
Who lived earlier?
Who lived later?
If person A is influenced by person B, person A lived later and person B lived earlier.

Tom's daughter Eva is engaged to Dr. Stewart, who is his partner. The two doctors have known one another for ten years.
Tom's daughter Eva is engaged to Dr. Stewart, who is his partner. The two lovers have known one another for ten years.
Which two people have known one another for ten years?
If person A is engaged to person B, person A and person B are two lovers. If person A is person B’s partner, person A’s profession is the same with person B’s.

I can't cut that tree down with that axe; it is too thick.
I can't cut that tree down with that axe; it is too small.
What is too thick?
What is too small?
If thing B is thick or thing C is small, somebody can’t cut thing B down with thing C.

The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to guard them.
The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to kill them.
What do I have to guard?
What do I have to kill?
If animal A attacks animal B, animal A is dangerous and animal B is in danger. If animal A is dangerous, person C should kill animal A. If animal A is in danger, person C should guard animal A.

The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. They have gotten very bold.
The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. They have gotten very nervous.
What has gotten bold?
What has gotten nervous?
If animal A attacks animal B, animal A is bold and animal B is nervous.

Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened them when the wind stopped.
Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered them when the wind stopped.
What did Fred open?
What did Fred lower?
If person A covers thing B with thing C and thing C is in lower position than thing B, thing B is closed and thing C is raised up. Hands is in lower position than eyes. If thing A is closed, person A can open thing A. If thing A is raised up, person A can lower thing A.

The actress used to be named Terpsichore, but she changed it to Tina a few years ago, because she figured it was easier to pronounce.
The actress used to be named Terpsichore, but she changed it to Tina a few years ago, because she figured it was too hard to pronounce.
Which name was easier to pronounce?
Which name was too hard to pronounce?
If name A is easier to pronounce than name B, sb change name A to name B. If name A is easier to pronounce than name B, name B is harder to pronounce than name A.

Fred watched TV while George went out to buy groceries. After an hour he got up.
Fred watched TV while George went out to buy groceries. After an hour he got back.
Who got up?
Who got back?
If person A go out to buy groceries, person A is out. If person A is out, person A could get back. If person A watches TV, he might sit down. If person A might sit down, he could get up.

Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off, because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so he changed his mind and turned it on.
Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off, because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so he changed his mind and turned it off.
What did Fred turn on?
What did Fred turn off?
If thing A is on, thing A could be turned off. If thing A is off, thing A could be turned on. If person A watches thing B, thing B is on. If person A puts off thing B, thing B is off.

Fred is the only man still alive who remembers my great-grandfather. He is a remarkable man.
Fred is the only man still alive who remembers my great-grandfather. He was a remarkable man.
Who is a remarkable man?
Who was a remarkable man?
If person A is alive, person A is remarkable. If person A is dead, person A was remarkable. Great-grandfather might be dead.

Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, he was twelve years old.
Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, he was twelve months old.
Who was twelve years old?
Who was twelve months old?
If person A is an infant, his age is less than three years. Twelve years is not less than three years. Twelve months is equal to one year. One year is less than three years.

In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, they were victorious within weeks. Who was [victorious/defeated]
In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, they were defeated within weeks. Who was [victorious/defeated]
If region A is stronger,  region A wins. If region A wins, region A is victorious and  not defeated. If region A is better, region A is stronger.

Elizabeth moved her company from Sparta to Troy to save money on taxes; the taxes are much higher there.
Elizabeth moved her company from Sparta to Troy to save money on taxes; the taxes are much lower there.
Where are the taxes higher? 
Where are the taxes lower? 
If person A moves from place B to place C to do sth, person A do sth in place C. If place C might has lower taxes and place B has higher taxes , person A can save money in place C. If person A save money in place C, person A do sth in place C.

Esther figures that she will save shipping costs if she builds her factory in Springfield instead of Franklin, because most of her customers live there.
Esther figures that she will save shipping costs if she builds her factory in Springfield instead of Franklin, because none of her customers live there.
In which town do most of Esther's customers live?
In which town do none of Esther's customers live?
If person A builds factory in place B and most of customers live in place B, person A will save shipping costs.  If person A doesn’t build factory in place B and none of customers live in place B, person A might save money. If person A builds factory in place B instead of place C, person A builds factory in place B and person A doesn’t build factory in place C.

Look! There is a shark swimming right below that duck! It had better get away to safety fast! What needs to get away to safety?
Look! There is a minnow swimming right below that duck! It had better get away to safety fast! What needs to get away to safety?
If thing A is the prey of thing B and thing A is near thing B, thing A might get away to safety. Duck is the prey of shark. Minnow is the prey of duck.

There are too many deer in the park, so the park service brought in a small pack of wolves. The population should increase over the next few years.
There are too many deer in the park, so the park service brought in a small pack of wolves. The population should decrease over the next few years.
Which population will increase?
Which population will decrease?
If animal A’s prey is animal B, animal A’s population should increase and animal B should decrease. Wolves’s prey is deer.

Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. They hunted for deer on the river banks.
Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. They hunted for evidence on the river banks.
Who hunted for deer?
Who hunted for evidence?
If person A has concluded sth, person A hunts for evidence. If person A lives many years ago, person A is ancient. If person A is an ancient, person A hunts for animals. If person A hunts for deer, person A hunts for animals.

The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. They appeared two years ago.
The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. They began two years ago.
Who or what appeared two years ago?
Who or what began two years ago?
If thing A has been found living in some place, thing A might appear some years ago. If thing A is studying sth, thing A might begin some years ago.

The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. They were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time.
The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. They were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time.
Who was cooperative?
Who was persistent?
If person A interview person B, person B might be cooperative and person A might be persistent.

The police arrested all of the gang members. They were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood.
The police arrested all of the gang members. They were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood.
Who was trying to run the drug trade?
Who was trying to stop the drug trade?
The police is good man. The gang members is bad man. Good man do good things. Bad man do bad things. Run the drug trade is to do bad things. Stop drug trade is to do good things.

I put the cake away in the refrigerator. It has a lot of butter in it.
I put the cake away in the refrigerator. It has a lot of leftovers in it.
What has a lot of butter?
What has a lot of leftovers?
Cake has butter. Refrigerator has leftovers

Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now they should be better.
Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now they should be unnecessary.
What should be better?
What should be unnecessary?
If thing A is broken, thing A is bad. If thing A is a tool, thing A is necessary. If thing A is at state B and after long time, thing A is not at state B. Crutches is a tool. If person A break thing B, thing B is broken.

When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. They were very much in the majority.
When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. They were very much in the minority.
Who were in the majority?
Who were in the minority?
If there is full of person A, person A is in the majority and person A is not in the minority.

Everyone really loved the oatmeal cookies; only a few people liked the chocolate chip cookies. Next time, we should make more of them.
Everyone really loved the oatmeal cookies; only a few people liked the chocolate chip cookies. Next time, we should make fewer of them.
Which cookie should we make more of, next time?
Which cookie should we make fewer of, next time?
If more people like thing A, thing A should be make more. If less people like thing B, thing B should be make fewer. Everyone loves thing A, everyone likes thing A. Everyone likes thing A, more people likes thing A.  A few people likes thing A, less people likes thing A.

We had hoped to place copies of our newsletter on all the chairs in the auditorium, but there were simply not enough  of them.
We had hoped to place copies of our newsletter on all the chairs in the auditorium, but there were simply  too many of them.
There are too many of what?
There are not enough of what?
If thing A is all, thing A is too many.

I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, it left a hole.
I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, it had a hole.
What left a hole?
What had a hole?
If person A sticks thing A through thing B, thing A might left a hole and thing B might have a hole.

I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because it got full of ink.
I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because it got full of coffee.
What got full of ink?
What got full of coffee?
Pen’s content is ink. Coffee’s content is coffee. If person A use thing B to stir thing C, thing B might get full of  thing C’s content and thing C might get full of thing B’s content.

Steve follows Fred's example in everything. He admires him hugely.
Steve follows Fred's example in everything. He influences him hugely.
Who admires whom?
Who influences whom?
If person A admires person B, person A might follow person B. If person A follow person B, person B influences person A.

The table won't fit through the doorway because it is too wide.
The table won't fit through the doorway because it is too narrow.
What is too wide?
What is too narrow?
If thing A is too wide and thing B is too narrow, thing A can’t fit through thing B.

Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks it looks great on her.
Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks it looks dowdy on her.
What looks great on Grace?
What looks dowdy on Grace?
If person A trades thing B for thing C, person A likes thing C and person A doesn’t like thing B. If person A thinks thing B looks great, person A likes thing B. If person A thinks thing C looks dowdy, person A doesn’t like thing C.

Bill thinks that calling attention to himself was rude to Bert.
Bill thinks that calling attention to himself was rude of Bert.
Who called attention to himself?
If person A calls attention to himself, it is rude to somebody and it is rude of person A.

John hired Bill to take care of him.
John hired himself out to Bill to take care of him.
Who is taking care of whom?
If person A hires person B to take care of him, person B takes care of person A. If person A hires himself out to person B to take care of him, person A takes care of person B.

John promised Bill to leave, so an hour later he left.
John ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later he left.
Who left?
If person A promise person B to do thing A, person A will do thing A. If person A order person B to do thing A, person B will do thing A.

Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties he faced in his childhood.
Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties he faced in his research.
Who faced difficulties?


Emma's mother had died long ago, and her place had been [taken/managed] by an excellent woman as governess.
Emma's mother had died long ago, and her education had been [taken/managed] by an excellent woman as governess.
Whose place had been [taken/managed]?
Whose education had been [taken/managed]?
If person A dies, person A’s place might be taken.

Her mother had died too long ago for her to have more than an indistinct remembrance of her caresses; and her place had been taken by an excellent woman as governess, who had fallen little short of a mother in affection.
Note that the original presents two further difficult disambiguation problems, with the second and third "her"'s in the sentence. Winograd schema in the broad sense, since two separated words are replaced.
Jane knocked on Susan's door but she did not answer.
Jane knocked on Susan's door but she did not get an answer.
Who did not answer?
Who did not get an answer?
If person A knocks on person B’s door, person A might not get an answer and person B might not answer.

Joe paid the detective after he received the final report on the case.
Joe paid the detective after he delivered the final report on the case.
Who received the final report?
Who delivered the final report?
If person A is a detective, person A might delivers report and somebody might receive report from person A.

Beth didn't get angry with Sally, who had cut her off, because she stopped and counted to ten.
Beth didn't get angry with Sally, who had cut her off, because she stopped and apologized.
Who counted to ten?
Who apologized?
If person A doesn’t get angry with person B, person B might apologize or person A might calm down. If person A counts to ten, person A might calm down.

Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward his empty glass.
Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward his bathroom key.
Whose empty glass?
Whose bathroom key?
If person A signals waiters, person A might be a customer. Barman is a waiter. If person A is a customer, person A might has an empty glass. If person A is a waiter, person A might has a bathroom key.

Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because his "Dibs!" was quicker.
Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because his "Dibs!" was slow.
Whose "Dibs" was quicker?
Whose "Dibs" was slow?
If person A’s “Dibs!” is quicker, person A takes the front seat. If person A’s “Dibs!” is slow, person A take the rear seat. If person A claims the front seat, person A takes the front seat.

Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he took his bishop.
Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved his bishop.
Whose bishop did Tom take?
Whose bishop did Tom move?
If  person A has a bishop, person A might say “Check” to somebody. If person A has a bishop, person A might moves the bishop or somebody might take the bishop.

As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, she could see the landing strip.
As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, she could see the landing gear.
Who could see the landing strip?
Who could see the landing gear?
If person A is in the airplane, person A could see the landing strip. If a airplane is passed over person A , person A could see the landing gear. Crop duster is an airplane.

Tom gave Ralph a lift to school so he wouldn't have to walk.
Tom gave Ralph a lift to school so he wouldn't have to drive alone.
Who wouldn't have to walk?
Who wouldn't have to drive alone?
If person A gives person B a lift to someplace, person A is a driver and person B might not have to walk. If person A is a driver, person A might not drive alone.

Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because he was full.
Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because he was hungry.
Who was full?
Who was hungry?
If person A pass a non-empty plate to person B, person A is full and person B is hungry. Half-empty plate is a non-empty plate.

Bill passed the gameboy to John because his turn was over.
Bill passed the gameboy to John because his turn was next.
Whose turn was over?
Whose turn was next?
If person A passes gameboy to person B, person A’s turn is over and person B’s turn is next.

The man lifted the boy onto his bunk bed.
The man lifted the boy onto his shoulders.
Whose bunk bed?
Whose shoulders?
If person A lift person B onto bed, the bed belongs to person B. If person A lift person B onto shoulders, shoulders belong to person A.

Patting her back, the woman smiled at the girl.
Stretching her back, the woman smiled at the girl.
Whose back did the woman pat?
Whose back did the woman stretch?
If person A pats person B’s back, person A might smile at person B. If person A stretches person A’s back, person A might smile at others.

Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share his toy.
Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept his toy.
Who owned the toy?
If person A does not shares his thing B, person A owns thing B. If person A does not accept thing B, person A does not own thing B.

Lily spoke to Donna, breaking her concentration.
Lily spoke to Donna, breaking her silence.
Whose concentration?
Whose silence?
If person A speaks to person B, person A’s silence is broken and person B’s concentration is broken.

When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave him a stern look.
When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave him a sympathetic look.
Who got the look from father?
If person A drop sth, person A is unfortunate. If person A is unfortunate and person B smiles, somebody might give person A a sympathetic look and person B is annoying. If person A is annoying, somebody might give person A a stem look. If person A giggles, person A smiles.

As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, his legs dangled.
As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, his legs ached.
Whose legs dangled?
Whose legs ached?
If person A’s legs are floating, person A’s legs are dangled. If person A’s legs are weight-bearing, person A’s legs are ached. If person A carries person B up, person B’s legs are floating and person A’s legs are weight-bearing,

The father carried the sleeping boy in his arms.
The father carried the sleeping boy in his bassinet.
Whose arms?
Whose bassinet?
If person A is sleep, person B might carry person A in person B’s arms. If person A is a kid, person A might has a bassinet. If person A is a boy, person A is a kid.

The woman held the girl against her chest.
The woman held the girl against her will.
Whose chest?
Whose will?
If person A holds person B, person B might reject. If person B is against his will, person B is rejecting. If person A holds person B against her chest, chest belongs to person A.

Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. They were embarrassed about it.
Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. They were furious about it.
Who were embarrassed?
Who were furious?
If person A found person B doing sth embarrassing, person A might be furious and person B might be embarrassed. If person A is having sex, person A is doing sth embarrassing.

Dr. Adams informed Kate that she had cancer and presented several options for future treatment. Who had [cancer/retired]? (要解析出Dr.
Dr. Adams informed Kate that she had retired and presented several options for future treatment. Who had [cancer/retired]? (要解析出Dr.
If person A inform person B sth and person A is a doctor, person B might have illness or person A might have retired.

Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. He is very compassionate.
Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. He is very cruel.
Who is compassionate?
Who is cruel?
If person A stop person B doing sth crucial, person A is compassionate and person B is cruel. Toying with the injured bird is sth crucial.

George got free tickets to the play, but he gave them to Eric because he was [particularly/not particularly] eager to see it.
George got free tickets to the play, but he gave them to Eric even though he was [particularly/not particularly] eager to see it.
Who was  eager to see the play?
Who  was not eager to see the play?
If person A gives the tickets to person B, person A is not particularly eager to see sth and person B is particularly eager to see sth.

Jane gave Joan candy because she was hungry.
Jane gave Joan candy because she wasn't hungry.
Who was hungry?
Who wasn't hungry?
If person A gives person B food, person A is not hungry and person B is hungry. Candy is food.

I tried to paint a picture of an orchard, with lemons in the lemon trees, but they came out looking more like light bulbs .
I tried to paint a picture of an orchard, with lemons in the lemon trees, but they came out looking more like  telephone poles.
What looked like light bulbs ?
What looked like  telephone poles?
If thing A looks like thing B, thing A have the same shape with thing B. Light bulb’s shape is round. Lemon’s shape is round. Lemon tree’s shape is cylindrical. Telephone pole’s shape is cylindrical.

James asked Robert for a favor but he refused.
James asked Robert for a favor but he was refused.
Who refused?
Who was refused?
If person A ask person B for a favor, person A may be refused or person B may refuse.

Kirilov ceded the presidency to Shatov because he was more popular.
Kirilov ceded the presidency to Shatov because he was less popular.
Who was more popular?
Who was less popular?
If person A cedes sth to person B, person A lose sth and person B get sth. If person A is less popular, person A lose sth. If person B is more popular, person B get sth.

Emma did not pass the ball to Janie although she was open.
Emma did not pass the ball to Janie although she saw that she was open.
Who was open?
Who saw that the other player was open?
If person A is open, somebody migth pass the ball to person A.If person A sees that person B is open, person A might pass the ball to person B.

Joe saw his brother skiing on TV last night but the fool didn't recognize him Who is the fool?
Joe saw his brother skiing on TV last night but the fool didn't have a coat on Who is the fool?
If person A sees person B and person A might not recognize person B, person A is a fool. If person A do sth in low temperature and person A doesn’t have a coat on, person A is a fool. Skiing on TV is doing sth in low temperature.


I put the heavy book on the table and it broke.
I put the butterfly wing on the table and it broke.
What broke?
If somebody puts thing A on thing B and thing A is heavy, thing B might break.  If somebody puts thing A on thing B and thing A is fragile, thing A might break.Butterfly wing is fragile. Heavy book is heavy.

Madonna fired her trainer because she slept with her boyfriend.
Madonna fired her trainer because she couldn't stand her boyfriend.
Who slept with whose boyfriend?
Who couldn't stand whose boyfriend?


Carol believed that Rebecca suspected  that she had stolen the watch.
Carol believed that Rebecca  regretted that she had stolen the watch.
Who is suspected of stealing the watch? / Who stole the watch?
If person A suspect somebody do sth, somebody might be suspected of doing sth. If person A regrets somebody do sth, person A might doing sth.

This book introduced Shakespeare to Ovid; it was a major influence on his writing.
This book introduced Shakespeare to Goethe; it was a major influence on his writing.
Whose writing was influenced?
If person A is born before person B, person B’s writing might be influenced. Ovid is born before Shakespeare. Shakespeare is born before Goethe.

This book introduced Shakespeare to Ovid; it was a fine selection of his writing.
This book introduced Shakespeare to Goethe; it was a fine selection of his writing.
A fine selection of whose writing?


Alice looked for her friend Jade in the crowd. Since she always has good luck, Alice spotted her quickly.
Alice looked for her friend Jade in the crowd. Since she always wears a red turban, Alice spotted her quickly.
Who always has good luck?
Who always wears a red turban?
If  person A has good luck or person B is obvious, person A spots person B quickly. If person A wears a red turban,  person A is obvious.

During a game of tag, Ethan chased Luke because he was "it".
During a game of tag, Ethan ran from Luke because he was "it".
Who was "it"?
During a game of tag, if person A is a 'it', person A might chase somebody and somebody might run from person A.

At the Loebner competition the judges couldn't figure out which respondents were the chatbots because they were so advanced.
At the Loebner competition the judges couldn't figure out which respondents were the chatbots because they were so stupid.
Who were so advanced?
Who were so stupid?
If  person A is stupid, person A couldn’t figure out sth .
