The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit, because they feared violence.
If person B does fear violence, and person C does advocate violence, then person B might refuse person C a permit.
Who feared violence?

The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit, because they advocated violence.
If person B does fear violence, and person C does advocate violence, then person B might refuse person C a permit.
Who advocated violence?

The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase, because it's too small.
If thing B is large and thing C is small, then thing B doesn’t fit into thing C .
What is too small?

The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase, because it's too large.
If thing B is large and thing C is small, then thing B doesn’t fit into thing C .
What is too large?

Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help she had given.
If person C does give help to person B , or person B does receive help from person C , then person B might make sure to thank person C. If person C does give help to person B , then person B does receive help from person C . If person C does receive help from person B, then person C does receive help.
Who had given help?

Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help she had received.
If person C does give help to person B , or person B does receive help from person C , then person B might make sure to thank person C. If person C does give help to person B , then person B does receive help from person C . If person C does receive help from person B, then person C does receive help.
Who had received help?

Paul tried to call George on the phone, but he wasn't successful.
If person B does try to call person C , then person B might be not successful and person C might be not available.
Who was not successful?

Paul tried to call George on the phone, but he wasn't available.
If person B does try to call person C , then person B might be not successful and person C might be not available.
Who was not available?

The lawyer asked the witness a question, but he was reluctant to answer it .
If person B does ask person C a question, then person B might not repeat the question and person C might not answer the question.
Who was reluctant to answer the question?

The lawyer asked the witness a question, but he was reluctant to repeat it .
If person B does ask person C a question, then person B might not repeat the question and person C might not answer the question.
Who was reluctant to repeat the question?

The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because it was going so fast.
If thing B does go so fast, and thing C does go so slow, then thing B might zoom by thing C .
What was going so fast?

The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because it was going so slow.
If thing B does go so fast, and thing C does go so slow, then thing B might zoom by thing C .
What was going so slow?

Frank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that he was the winner of the competition.
If person C and person B is rival, and person C is the winner of the competition, then person C will feel vindicated and person B will feel crushed.
Who was the winner of the competition?

Frank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that he was the winner of the competition.
If person C and person B is rival, and person C is the winner of the competition, then person C will feel vindicated and person B will feel crushed.
Who was the winner of the competition?

The man couldn't lift his son because he was so weak.
If person B is weak, and person C is heavy, then person B couldn’t lift person C .
Who was weak?

The man couldn't lift his son because he was so heavy.
If person B is weak, and person C is heavy, then person B couldn’t lift person C .
Who was heavy?

The large ball crashed right through the table because it was made of steel.
If thing B is solid, and thing C is fragile, then thing B can crash right through thing C . If thing B is made of steel, then thing B is solid. If thing B is made of styrofoam, then thing B is fragile.
What was made of steel?

The large ball crashed right through the table because it was made of styrofoam.
If thing B is solid, and thing C is fragile, then thing B can crash right through thing C . If thing B is made of steel, then thing B is solid. If thing B is made of styrofoam, then thing B is fragile.
What was made of styrofoam?

John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because he is so short.
If person B is short, and person C is tall, and person C stands in front of person B, then person B can’t see something.
Who is so short?

John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because he is so tall.
If person B is short and person C is tall, and person C stands in front of person B, then person B can’t see something.
Who is so tall?

Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after he reached the top of the stairs.
If  person B is at the top, and person C is at the bottom, then person B can throw something to person C .
Who reached the top of the stairs?

Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after he reached the bottom of the stairs.
If  person B is at the top, and person C is at the bottom, then person B can throw something to person C .
Who reached the bottom of the stairs?

Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because she had such a good start.
If person B has a good start, and person C has bad start, and person B and person C ran at about the same speed, then person B might beat person C. If person B and person C ran at about the same speed, then person C and person B might run at about the same speed.
Who had a good start?

Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because she had such a bad start.
If person B has a good start and person C has bad start and person B and person C ran about at the same speed, then person B might beat person C. If person B and person C ran at about the same speed, person C and person B might run at about the same speed.
Who had a bad start?

The sculpture rolled off the shelf because it wasn't anchored.
If thing B isn’t anchored, or thing C isn’t level, then thing B does roll off thing C .
What wasn't anchored?

The sculpture rolled off the shelf because it wasn't level.
If thing B isn’t anchored, or thing C isn’t level, then thing B does roll off thing C .
What wasn't level?

Sam's drawing was hung just above Tina's and it did look much better with another one below it.
Which looked better?

Sam's drawing was hung just above Tina's and it did look much better with another one above it.
Which looked better?

Anna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because she had studied so hard.
If person B studies hard, then person B does better than person C, and person C does worse than person B .
Who studied hard?

Anna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because she had studied so hard.
If person B studies hard, then person B does better than person C, and person C does worse than person B .
Who studied hard?

The firemen arrived after the police because they were coming from so far away.
If person B comes from far away, then person B arrives after person C and person C arrives before person B .
Who came from far away?

The firemen arrived before the police because they were coming from so far away.
If person B comes from far away, then person B arrives after person C and person C arrives before person B .
Who came from far away?

Frank was upset with Tom because the toaster he had bought from him didn't work.
If person B is upset with person C, then person C does something bad to person B. If something person B bought from person C doesn’t work or something person C sold to person B doesn’t work, then person C does something bad to person B .
Who had bought the toaster?

Frank was upset with Tom because the toaster he had sold to him didn't work.
If person B is upset with person C, then person C does something bad to person B. If something person B bought from person C doesn’t work or something person C sold to person B doesn’t work, then person C does something bad to person B .
Who had sold the toaster?

Jim yelled at Kevin because he was so upset.
If person B is upset, then person B might do something strange and somebody might comfort person B. If person B yells at person C, then person B is doing something strange.
Who was upset?

Jim comforted Kevin because he was so upset.
If person B is upset, then person B might do something strange and somebody might comfort person B. If person B yells at person C, then person B is doing something strange.
Who was upset?

The sack of potatoes had been placed above the bag of flour, so it had to be moved first.
If thing B is placed above thing C or thing C is placed below thing B,  then thing B has to be moved first. 
What had to be moved first?

The sack of potatoes had been placed below the bag of flour, so it had to be moved first.
If thing B is placed above thing C or thing C is placed below thing B,  then thing B has to be moved first. 
What had to be moved first?

Pete envies Martin because he is very successful.
If person B is successful, then somebody might envy person B.
Who is very successful?

Pete envies Martin although he is very successful.
If person B is successful, then somebody might envy person B.
Who is very successful?

I was trying to balance the bottle upside down on the table, but I couldn't do it because it was so top-heavy.
If  thing B is top-heavy or thing C is uneven, then somebody can’t balance thing B on thing C.
What was top-heavy?

I was trying to balance the bottle upside down on the table, but I couldn't do it because it was so uneven.
If  thing B is top-heavy or thing C is uneven, then somebody can’t balance thing B on thing C.
What was uneven?

I spread the cloth on the table in order to protect it.
If somebody spreads thing B on thing C, then thing B is displayed and thing C is covered by thing B. If thing C is covered by thing B, then thing C is protected.
To protect what?

I spread the cloth on the table in order to display it.
If somebody spreads thing B on thing C,then thing B is displayed and thing C is covered by thing B. If thing C is covered by thing B, then thing C is protected.
To display what?

The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued them.
If person B bullies person C, then person B does something bad and person C is in danger. If person B is in danger, then person B will be rescued. If person B does something bad, then person B will be punished.
Whom did we rescue?

The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished them.
If person B bullies person C, then person B does something bad and person C is in danger. If person B is in danger, then person B will be rescued. If person B does something bad, then person B will be punished.
Whom did we punish?

I poured water from the bottle into the cup until it was full.
If somebody pours something from thing B into thing C, then thing B will be empty and thing C will be full.
What was full?

I poured water from the bottle into the cup until it was empty.
If somebody pours something from thing B into thing C, then thing B will be empty and thing C will be full.
What was empty?

Susan knows about Ann's personal problems because she is nosy.
If person B is nosy, then person B will know about somebody’s personal problems. If person B is indiscreet, then somebody will know about person B’s personal problems.
Who is nosy?

Susan knows about Ann's personal problems because she is indiscreet.
If person B is nosy, then person B will know about somebody’s personal problems. If person B is indiscreet, then somebody will know about person B’s personal problems.
Who is indiscreet?

Sid explained his theory to Mark but he couldn't convince him.
If person B explains something to person C, then person B might not convince person C and person C might not understand person B.
Who did not convince whom?

Sid explained his theory to Mark but he couldn't understand him.
If person B explains something to person C, then person B might not convince person C and person C might not understand person B.
Who did not understand whom?

Susan knew that Ann's son had been in a car accident, so she told her about it.
If person B knows something, then person B might tell it to somebody. If person B tells person C something, then person C knows it.
Who told the other about the accident?

Susan knew that Ann's son had been in a car accident, because she told her about it.
If person B knows something, then person B might tell it to somebody. If person B tells person C something, then person C knows it.
Who told the other about the accident?

Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though he is 30 years older.
If person B is younger than person C, then person B can beat person C at something. If person B is older than person C, then person C is younger than person B.
Who is older?

Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though he is 30 years younger.
If person B is younger than person C, then person B can beat person C at something. If person B is older than person C, then person C is younger than person B.
Who is younger?

The police left the house and went into the garage, where they found the murder weapon.
If person B did something in thing C, then person B might leave thing C after person B did it.
Where did they find the murder weapon?

The police left the house and went into the garage, after they found the murder weapon.
If person B did something in place C, then person B might leave place C after person B did it.
Where did they find the murder weapon?

The painting in Mark's living room shows an oak tree. It is to the right of the bookcase.
If thing B is to the right of thing C, then thing B is near thing C. If thing B is near thing C, then thing B is in the same place with thing C. Tree can not be in a room. Bookcase can be in a room.
What is to the right of the bookcase?

The painting in Mark's living room shows an oak tree. It is to the right of a house.
If thing B is to the right of thing C, then thing B is near thing C. If thing B is near thing C, then thing B is in the same place with thing C. Tree can not be in a room. Bookcase can be in a room.
What is to the right of a house?

There is a gap in the wall. You can see the garden through it.
Somebody can see something through a gap. Somebody can see something behind a wall.
You can see the garden through what?

There is a gap in the wall. You can see the garden behind it.
Somebody can see something through a gap. Somebody can see something behind a wall.
You can see the garden behind what?

The drain is clogged with hair. It has to be cleaned.
If thing B is clogged with thing C, then thing B must be cleaned and thing C must be removed.
What has to be cleaned?

The drain is clogged with hair. It has to be removed.
If thing B is clogged with thing C, then thing B must be cleaned and thing C must be removed.
What has to be removed?

My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, it was short, so it worked out.
If thing B is short, then thing B costs less time. If thing B begins before thing C, and thing B costs less time, then it is lucky. If thing B begins before thing C and thing C is delayed, then it is lucky.
What was short?

My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, it was delayed, so it worked out.
If thing B is short, then thing B costs less time. If thing B begins before thing C, and thing B costs less time, then it is lucky. If thing B begins before thing C and thing C is delayed, then it is lucky.
What was delayed?

There is a pillar between me and the stage, and I can't see it.
If thing B is between somebody and thing C, then he can’t see thing C and he can’t see around thing B.
What can't I see?

There is a pillar between me and the stage, and I can't see around it.
If thing B is between somebody and thing C, then he can’t see thing C and he can’t see around thing B.
What can't I see around?

They broadcast an announcement, but a subway came into the station and I couldn't hear it.
If person B does broadcast something, then somebody might not hear it. If there exists a loud, then somebody might not hear over a loud. If a subway comes, there exists a loud.
What couldn't I hear?

They broadcast an announcement, but a subway came into the station and I couldn't hear over it.
If person B does broadcast something, then somebody might not hear it. If there exists a loud, then somebody might not hear over a loud. If a subway comes, there exists a loud.
What couldn't I hear over?

In the middle of the outdoor concert, the rain started falling, and it continued until 10.

In the middle of the outdoor concert, the rain started falling, but it continued until 10.
What continued until 10?

I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put it in the drawer.
If somebody uses thing B to clean thing C, then thing B is dirty and thing C is cleaned. If thing B is cleaned, then somebody will put thing B in the drawer. If thing B is dirty, then somebody will put thing B in the trash.
What did I put in the drawer?

I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put it in the trash.
If somebody uses thing B to clean thing C, then thing B is dirty and thing C is cleaned. If thing B is cleaned, then somebody will put thing B in the drawer. If thing B is dirty, then somebody will put thing B in the trash.
What did I put in the trash?

Ann asked Mary what time the library closes, but she had forgotten.
If person B forgets sth, then person B might ask sb sth.
Who had forgotten?

Ann asked Mary what time the library closes, because she had forgotten.
If person B forgets sth, then person B might ask sb sth.
Who had forgotten?

I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that it would be lighter.
If somebody takes thing B out of thing C, then thing C will be lighter and thing B will be handy.
What would be lighter?

I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that it would be handy.
If somebody takes thing B out of thing C, then thing C will be lighter and thing B will be handy.
What would be handy?

I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because it was too high.
If thing B is tall or thing C is high, then somebody can’t put thing B on the thing C.
What was too high?

I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because it was too tall.
If thing B is tall or thing C is high, then somebody can’t put thing B on the thing C.
What was too tall?

I'm sure that my map will show this building; it is very famous.
If a map shows thing B, then a map might be good and thing B might be famous.
What is famous?

I'm sure that my map will show this building; it is very good.
If a map shows thing B, then a map might be good and thing B might be famous.
What is good?

Bob paid for Charlie's college education. He is very generous.
If person B pays for thing D and thing D belongs to person C, then person B is generous and person C is grateful.
Who is generous?

Bob paid for Charlie's college education. He is very grateful.
If person B pays for thing D and thing D belongs to person C, then person B is generous and person C is grateful.
Who is grateful?

Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. He is very hurt.
If person B helps person C and person C acts as though it never happened, then person B might be hurt and person C might be ungrateful.
Who is hurt?

Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. He is very ungrateful.
If person B helps person C and person C acts as though it never happened, then person B might be hurt and person C might be ungrateful.
Who is ungrateful?

Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, he would have won.
If person B is way head and person C doesn’t have a sudden run of good luck, then person B will win and person C will lose.
Who would have won?

Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, he would have lost.
If person B is way head and person C doesn’t have a sudden run of good luck, then person B will win and person C will lose.
Who would have lost?

Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, he would be here by this time.
If person B leaves some place for sth on time, then person B would be here by this time. If person B leaves some place for sth on time and person B replaces person C, then person C would be gone by this time.
Who would be here?

Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, he would be gone by this time.
If person B leaves some place for sth on time, then person B would be here by this time. If person B leaves some place for sth on time and person B replaces person C, then person C would be gone by this time.
Who would be gone?

If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, he would have gotten a lot of money.
If person B succeed in fooling person C, then person B will get benefit and person C will lose benefit. If person B get money, then person B will get benefit. If person C will lose money, then person C will lose benefit.
Who would have gotten the money?

If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, he would have lost a lot of money.
If person B succeed in fooling person C, then person B will get benefit and person C will lose benefit. If person B get money, then person B will get benefit. If person C will lose money, then person C will lose benefit.
Who would have lost the money?

It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because it was hot.
If thing B is hot, then thing B would move to thing C and thing C is cooler. If thing B is exposed to the sun, then thing B is hot. If thing B is sitting in the middle of the lawn, then thing B might be exposed to the sun.
What was hot?

It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because it was cooler.
If thing B is hot, then thing B would move to thing C and place C is cooler. If thing B is exposed to the sun, then thing B is hot. If thing B is sitting in the middle of the lawn, then thing B might be exposed to the sun.
What was cooler?

The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but it was too cautious.
If thing B is waiting for thing C and thing C is the prey of thing B, then thing B might be impatient or its prey might be cautious. Mouse is the prey of cat.
What was too cautious?

The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but it was too impatient.
If thing B is waiting for its prey, then thing B might be impatient or its prey might be cautious. Mouse is cat’s prey.
What was too impatient?

Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. She is a very charming woman.
If person B is a woman and person C is a baby, then person B might give birth to person C.
Who is a very charming woman?

Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. She is a very charming baby.
If person B is a woman and person C is a baby, then person B might give birth to person C.
Who is a very charming baby?

Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why she was behaving so strangely.
If person B stop person C doing sth normal, then person B behaves so strangely. If person B doing sth strange, then person B behaves so strangely. If person B is chatting , then person B is doing sth normal. If person B is barking, then person B is doing sth strange.
Who was behaving strangely?

Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why she was behaving so strangely.
If person B stop person C doing sth normal, then person B behaves so strangely. If person B doing sth strange, then person B behaves so strangely. If person B is chatting, then person B is doing sth normal. If person B is barking , then person B is doing sth strange.
Who was behaving strangely?


I saw Jim yelling at some guy in a military uniform with a huge red beard. I don't know who he was, but he looked very unhappy.
Who looked very unhappy?

I saw Jim yelling at some guy in a military uniform with a huge red beard. I don't know why he was, but he looked very unhappy.
Who looked very unhappy?

The fish ate the worm. It was tasty.
If thing B eats thing C, then thing B is hungry and thing C is tasty.
What was tasty?

The fish ate the worm. It was hungry.
If thing B eats thing C, then thing B is hungry and thing C is tasty.
What was hungry?

I was trying to open the lock with the key, but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, and I couldn't get it in.
If somebody tries to open the lock with the thing B, then he might not get the thing B in. If somebody fills the keyhole with thing C, then thing C is in the keyhole. If thing C is in the keyhole, then somebody might not get thing C out.
What couldn't I get in?

I was trying to open the lock with the key, but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, and I couldn't get it out.
If somebody tries to open the lock with the thing B, then he might not get the thing B in. If somebody fills the keyhole with thing C, then thing C is in the keyhole. If thing C is in the keyhole, then somebody might not get thing C out.
What couldn't I get out?

The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. It waited at the top.
If thing B chases thing C and thing C runs up, then thing B might waits at the bottom or thing C might waits at the top.
Which waited at the top?

The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. It waited at the bottom.
If thing B chases thing C and thing C runs up, then thing B might waits at the bottom or thing C might waits at the top.
Which waited at the bottom?

In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get it removed.
If thing B crash through thing C, then thing B might be removed and thing C is broken. If thing C is broken, then thing C might be repaired.
What has to be removed?

In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get it repaired.
If thing B crash through thing C, then thing B might be removed and thing C is broken. If thing C is broken, then thing C might be repaired.
What has to be repaired?

The customer walked into the bank and stabbed one of the tellers. He was immediately taken to the emergency room.
If person B stabs person C, then person C might be hurt and person B might commit a crime. If person B commits a crime, then person B might be taken to the police station. If person B is hurt, then person B might be taken to emergency.
Who was taken to the emergency room?

The customer walked into the bank and stabbed one of the tellers. He was immediately taken to the police station.
If person B stabs person C, then person C might be hurt and person B might commit a crime. If person B commits a crime, then person B might be taken to the police station. If person B is hurt, then person B might be taken to emergency.
Who was taken to the police station?

John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. He was very annoyed.
If person B hear person C and person C is making noise, then person B might be annoyed or person C might be annoying. If person B is humming and whistling, then person B is making noise.
Who was annoyed?

John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. He was very annoying.
If person B hear person C and person C is making noise, then person B might be annoyed or person C might be annoying. If person B is humming and whistling, then person B is making noise.
Who was annoying?

John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. He was very impressed.
If person B sees person C doing something, then person B might be impressed and person C might be impressive.
Who was impressed?

John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. He was very impressive.
If person B sees person C doing something, then person B might be impressed and person C might be impressive.
Who was impressive?

Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. He was very ill.
If person B collapses, then person B is ill. If person C helps person B, then person C is concerned. If person B sees person C coming to help, then person C helps person B.
Who was ill?

Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. He was very concerned.
If person B collapses, then person B is ill. If person C helps person B, then person C is concerned. If person B sees person C coming to help, then person C helps person B.
Who was concerned?

Sam and Amy are passionately in love, but Amy's parents are unhappy about it, because they are snobs.
If person B and person C are in love, and person B is young, and person C is young, then parents might be unhappy. If person B and person C are in love and parents are snobs, then parents might be unhappy.
Who are snobs?

Sam and Amy are passionately in love, but Amy's parents are unhappy about it, because they are fifteen.
If person B and person C are in love, and person B is young, and person C is young, then parents might be unhappy. If person B and person C are in love and parents are snobs, then parents might be unhappy.If person B is fifteen, then person B is young.
Who are fifteen?

Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. He should have been more truthful.
If person B tells person C lies, then person B should be truthful and person C should be skeptical.
Who should have been more truthful?

Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. He should have been more skeptical.
If person B tells person C lies, then person B should be truthful and person C should be skeptical.
Who should have been more skeptical?

Joe has sold his house and bought a new one a few miles away. He will be moving out of it on Thursday.
If somebody sells his house B and buys a house C, then he might move out of house B and move into house C.
Which house will he be moving out of?

Joe has sold his house and bought a new one a few miles away. He will be moving into it on Thursday.
If somebody sells his house B and buys a house C, then he might move out of house B and move into house C.
Which house will he be moving into?

Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. They are gripped because Paul writes so well.
If person B reads thing C, then person B might be gripped or thing C might be popular.
Who or what are gripped?

Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. They are popular because Paul writes so well.
If person B reads thing C, then person B might be gripped or thing C might be popular.
Who or what are popular?

Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved it since she was a child.
If thing B is somebody’s favorite, then he loves thing B. If somebody takes out thing B, then he has thing B.
What has Mary loved since she was a child?

Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had it since she was a child.
If thing B is somebody’s favorite, then he loves thing B. If somebody takes out thing B, then he has thing B.
What has Mary had since she was a child?

Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but it was broken, so he had to stand instead.
If chair is broken, then somebody has to stand. If instrument is broken, then somebody has to sing. Piano is an instrument.
What was broken?

Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but it was broken, so he had to sing instead.
If chair is broken, then somebody has to stand. If instrument is broken, then somebody has to sing. Piano is an instrument.
What was broken?

Since it was raining, I carried the newspaper over my backpack to keep it dry.
If somebody carries thing B over thing C, then thing B is over thing C. If somebody carries thing B in thing C, then thing C is over thing B. When it is rainy and thing B is over thing C, then thing C is dry.
What was I trying to keep dry?

Since it was raining, I carried the newspaper in my backpack to keep it dry.
If somebody carries thing B over thing C, then thing B is over thing C. If somebody carries thing B in thing C, then thing C is over thing B. When it is rainy and thing B is over thing C, then thing C is dry.
What was I trying to keep dry?

Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads it when she gets home from work.
If person B borrows a book, then person B can read the book and person B can not write the book. If person B is working on thing C, then person B might write thing C.
What does Sara read when she gets home from work?

Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes it when she gets home from work.
If person B borrows a book, then person B can read the book and person B can not write the book. If person B is working on thing C, then person B might write thing C.
What does Sara write when she gets home from work?

This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon a breeze knocked it down.
If thing C is built by sand, then tide will knock down thing C. Sand castle is built by sand. If thing B is in a high position,  then breeze will knock down thing B. If thing B is in highest tower,  then thing B is in a high position.
What did the breeze knock down?

This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked it down.
If thing C is built by sand, then tide will knock down thing C. Sand castle is built by sand. If thing B is in a high position, then breeze will knock down thing B. If thing B is in highest tower,  then thing B is in a high position.
What did the tide knock down?

Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. She was out.
If person B knocks on person C’s door and there is no answer, then person C might be not at the house or person B might be disappointed. If person C might be not at the house, then person C might be out.
Who was out?

Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. She was disappointed.
If person B knocks on person C’s door and there is no answer, then person C might be not at the house or person B might be disappointed. If person C might be not at the house, then person C might be out.
Who was disappointed?

Jane knocked on the door, and Susan answered it. She invited her to come out.
If person B knock on the door and person C answers it, then person B is outside and person C is inside. If person B is outside and person C is inside, then person C might invite person B to come in or person B might invite person C to come out.
Who invited whom?

Jane knocked on the door, and Susan answered it. She invited her to come in.
If person B knock on the door and person C answers it, then person B is outside and person C is inside. If person B is outside and person C is inside, then person C might invite person B to come in or person B might invite person C to come out.
Who invited whom?

Sam took French classes from Adam, because he was eager to speak it fluently.
If person B take classes from person C, then person C teaches person B. If person C teaches person B, then person B knows less than person C.  If person B knows less than person C, then person B is eager to know something and person C is known to know something. Speak french fluently is knowing something.
Who was eager to speak French fluently?

Sam took French classes from Adam, because he was known to speak it fluently.
If person B take classes from person C, then person C teaches person B. If person C teaches person B, then person B knows less than person C.  If person B knows less than person C, then person B is eager to know something and person C is known to know something. Speak french fluently is knowing something.
Who was known to speak French fluently?

The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach it.
Path is used to reach somewhere. If path to somewhere is blocked, path can’t be used and somewhere can’t be reached.
What couldn't we reach?

The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use it.
Path is used to reach somewhere. If path to somewhere is blocked, path can’t be used and somewhere can’t be reached.
What couldn't we use?

The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, it was gone.
If sun is covered by thing C and sun is out, then it is lucky. If it is lucky, then it is luckily. If sun is covered by thing C and thing C is gone, then it is lucky.
What was gone?

The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, it was out.
If sun is covered by thing C and sun is out, then it is lucky. If it is lucky, then it is luckily. If sun is covered by thing C and thing C is gone, then it is lucky.
What was out?

We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so it was a dangerous place to swim.
If something dangerous is at place B, then place B is dangerous.Shark is a dangerous thing.
Which was a dangerous place to swim?

We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so it was a safer place to swim.
If something dangerous is at place B, then place B is dangerous.Shark is a dangerous thing.
Which was a safer place to swim?

Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but they ended up looking more like dogs.
If thing B looks like thing C, then thing B has the same shape with thing C. Shepherd and golfers are same specie. Sheep and dogs are the same specie. Sheep and shepherd are not same specie. If thing B and thing C are same species, then thing B has the same shape with thing C.
What looked like dogs?

Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but they ended up looking more like golfers.
If thing B looks like thing C, then thing B has the same shape with thing C. Shepherd and golfers are same specie. Sheep and dogs are the same specie. Sheep and shepherd are not same specie. If thing B and thing C are same species, then thing B has the same shape with thing C.
What looked like golfers?

Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that she could sleep.
If person B tucks person C into bed, then person C could sleep. If person B sleeps, then person B can’t work.
Who is going to sleep?

Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that she could work.
If person B tucks person C into bed, then person C could sleep. If person B sleeps, then person B can’t work.
Who is going to work?

Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but they were not enough for the cold in Alaska.
Coats might not be enough for the cold. Persons might not be prepared for the cold.
Who or what were not enough for the cold?

Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but they were not prepared for the cold in Alaska.
Coats might not be enough for the cold. Persons might not be prepared for the cold.
Who or what were not prepared for the cold?

Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date he had been dead for five years.
If person B visit somewhere, then person B might travel. If person B has grave, then person B might be dead.
Who had been dead for five years?

Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date he had been travelling for five years.
If person B visit somewhere, then person B might travel. If person B has grave, then person B might be dead.
Who had been travelling for five years?

Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though he lived two centuries earlier.
If person B is influenced by person C, then person B lived later and person C lived earlier.
Who lived earlier?

Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though he lived two centuries later.
If person B is influenced by person C, then person B lived later and person C lived earlier.
Who lived later?

Tom's daughter Eva is engaged to Dr. Stewart, who is his partner. The two doctors have known one another for ten years.
If person B is engaged to person C, then person B and person C are two lovers. If person B is person C’s partner, then person B’s profession is the same with person C’s.
Which two people have known one another for ten years?

Tom's daughter Eva is engaged to Dr. Stewart, who is his partner. The two lovers have known one another for ten years.
If person B is engaged to person C, then person B and person C are two lovers. If person B is person C’s partner, then person B’s profession is the same with person C’s.
Which two people have known one another for ten years?

I can't cut that tree down with that axe; it is too thick.
If thing C is thick or thing D is small, then somebody can’t cut thing C down with thing D.
What is too thick?

I can't cut that tree down with that axe; it is too small.
If thing C is thick or thing D is small, then somebody can’t cut thing C down with thing D.
What is too small?

The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to guard them.
If thing B attacks thing C, then thing B is dangerous and thing C is in danger. If thing B is dangerous, then person D should kill thing B. If thing B is in danger, person D should guard thing B.
What do I have to guard?

The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to kill them.
If thing B attacks thing C, then thing B is dangerous and thing C is in danger. If thing B is dangerous, then person D should kill thing B. If thing B is in danger, person D should guard thing B.
What do I have to kill?

The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. They have gotten very bold.
If thing B attacks thing C, then thing B gets bold and thing C gets nervous.
What has gotten bold?

The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. They have gotten very nervous.
If thing B attacks thing C, then thing B gets bold and thing C gets nervous.
What has gotten nervous?

Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened them when the wind stopped.
If person B covers thing C with thing D and thing D is in lower position than thing C, then thing C is closed and thing D is raised up. Hands is in lower position than eyes. If thing B is closed, then person B can open thing B. If thing B is raised up, then person B can lower thing B.
What did Fred open?

Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered them when the wind stopped.
If person B covers thing C with thing D and thing D is in lower position than thing C, then thing C is closed and thing D is raised up. Hands is in lower position than eyes. If thing B is closed, then person B can open thing B. If thing B is raised up, then person B can lower thing B.
What did Fred lower?

The actress used to be named Terpsichore, but she changed it to Tina a few years ago, because she figured it was easier to pronounce.
If name B is easier to pronounce than name C, then somebody might change name B to name C. If name B is easier to pronounce than name C, then name C is harder to pronounce than name B.
Which name was easier to pronounce?

The actress used to be named Terpsichore, but she changed it to Tina a few years ago, because she figured it was too hard to pronounce.
If name B is easier to pronounce than name C, then somebody might change name B to name C. If name B is easier to pronounce than name C, then name C is harder to pronounce than name B.
Which name was too hard to pronounce?

Fred watched TV while George went out to buy groceries. After an hour he got up.
If person B go out to buy groceries, then person B is out. If person B is out, then person B could get back. If person B watches TV, then he might sit down. If person B might sit down, then he could get up.
Who got up?

Fred watched TV while George went out to buy groceries. After an hour he got back.
If person B go out to buy groceries, then person B is out. If person B is out, then person B could get back. If person B watches TV, then he might sit down. If person B might sit down, then he could get up.
Who got back?

Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off, because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so he changed his mind and turned it on.
If thing B is on, then thing B could be turned off. If thing B is off, then thing B could be turned on. If person B watches thing C, then thing C is on. If person B puts off thing C, then thing C is off.
What did Fred turn on?

Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off, because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so he changed his mind and turned it off.
If thing B is on, then thing B could be turned off. If thing B is off, then thing B could be turned on. If person B watches thing C, then thing C is on. If person B puts off thing C, then thing C is off.
What did Fred turn off?

Fred is the only man still alive who remembers my great-grandfather. He is a remarkable man.
If person B is alive, then person B is remarkable. If person B is dead, then person B was remarkable. Great-grandfather might be dead.
Who is a remarkable man?

Fred is the only man still alive who remembers my great-grandfather. He was a remarkable man.
If person B is alive, then person B is remarkable. If person B is dead, then person B was remarkable. Great-grandfather might be dead.
Who was a remarkable man?

Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, he was twelve years old.
If person B is an infant, then his age is less than three years. Twelve years is not less than three years. Twelve months is equal to one year. One year is less than three years.
Who was twelve years old?

Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, he was twelve months old.
If person B is an infant, then his age is less than three years. Twelve years is not less than three years. Twelve months is equal to one year. One year is less than three years.
Who was twelve months old?

In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, they were victorious within weeks.
If region B is stronger, then region B wins. If region B wins, then region B is victorious and region B is not defeated. If region B is better, then region B is stronger.
Who was victorious?

In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, they were defeated within weeks.
If region B is stronger, then region B wins. If region B wins, then region B is victorious and region B is not defeated. If region B is better, then region B is stronger.
Who was defeated?

Elizabeth moved her company from Sparta to Troy to save money on taxes; the taxes are much higher there.
If person B moves from place C to place D to do sth, then person B do sth in place D. If place D might has lower taxes and place C has higher taxes , then person B can save money in place D. If person B save money in place D, then person B do sth in place D.
Where are the taxes higher? 

Elizabeth moved her company from Sparta to Troy to save money on taxes; the taxes are much lower there.
If person B moves from place C to place D to do sth, then person B do sth in place D. If place D might has lower taxes and place C has higher taxes , then person B can save money in place D. If person B save money in place D, then person B do sth in place D.
Where are the taxes lower? 

Esther figures that she will save shipping costs if she builds her factory in Springfield instead of Franklin, because most of her customers live there.
If person B builds factory in place C and most of customers live in place C, then person B will save shipping costs.  If person B doesn’t build factory in place C and none of customers live in place C, then person B might save money. If person B builds factory in place C instead of place D, then person B builds factory in place C and person B doesn’t build factory in place D.
In which town do most of Esther's customers live?

Esther figures that she will save shipping costs if she builds her factory in Springfield instead of Franklin, because none of her customers live there.
If person B builds factory in place C and most of customers live in place C, then person B will save shipping costs.  If person B doesn’t build factory in place C and none of customers live in place C, then person B might save money. If person B builds factory in place C instead of place D, then person B builds factory in place C and person B doesn’t build factory in place D.
In which town do none of Esther's customers live?

Look! There is a shark swimming right below that duck! It had better get away to safety fast!
If thing B is the prey of thing C and thing B is near thing C, then thing B might get away to safety. Duck is the prey of shark. Minnow is the prey of duck.
What needs to get away to safety?

Look! There is a minnow swimming right below that duck! It had better get away to safety fast! 
If thing B is the prey of thing C and thing B is near thing C, then thing B might get away to safety. Duck is the prey of shark. Minnow is the prey of duck.
What needs to get away to safety?

There are too many deer in the park, so the park service brought in a small pack of wolves. The population should increase over the next few years.
If animal B is the prey of animal C, then animal C’s population should increase and animal B's population should decrease. Deer is the prey of wolves.
Which population will increase?

There are too many deer in the park, so the park service brought in a small pack of wolves. The population should decrease over the next few years.
If animal B is the prey of animal C, then animal C’s population should increase and animal B's population should decrease. Deer is the prey of wolves.
Which population will decrease?

Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. They hunted for deer on the river banks.
If person B has concluded sth, then person B hunts for evidence. If person B lives many years ago, then person B is ancient. If person B is an ancient, then person B hunts for animals. If person B hunts for deer, then person B hunts for animals.
Who hunted for deer?

Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. They hunted for evidence on the river banks.
If person B has concluded sth, then person B hunts for evidence. If person B lives many years ago, then person B is ancient. If person B is an ancient, then person B hunts for animals. If person B hunts for deer, then person B hunts for animals.
Who hunted for evidence?

The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. They appeared two years ago.
If thing B has been found living in something, then thing B might appear some years ago. If thing B is studying sth, then thing B might begin some years ago.
Who or what appeared two years ago?

The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. They began two years ago.
If thing B has been found living in something, then thing B might appear some years ago. If thing B is studying sth, then thing B might begin some years ago.
Who or what began two years ago?

The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. They were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time.
If person B interviewed person C and the interview lasted for a long time, then person C might be cooperative and person B might be persistent.
Who was cooperative?

The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. They were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time.
If person B interviewed person C and the interview lasted for a long time, then person C might be cooperative and person B might be persistent.
Who was persistent?

The police arrested all of the gang members. They were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood.
The police is good man. The gang members is bad man. Good man do good things. Bad man do bad things. Run the drug trade is to do bad things. Stop drug trade is to do good things.
Who was trying to run the drug trade?

The police arrested all of the gang members. They were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood.
The police is good man. The gang members is bad man. Good man do good things. Bad man do bad things. Run the drug trade is to do bad things. Stop drug trade is to do good things.
Who was trying to stop the drug trade?

I put the cake away in the refrigerator. It has a lot of butter in it.
Cake has butter. Refrigerator has leftovers
What has a lot of butter?

I put the cake away in the refrigerator. It has a lot of leftovers in it.
Cake has butter. Refrigerator has leftovers
What has a lot of leftovers?

Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now they should be better.
If thing B is broken, then thing B is bad. If thing B is a tool, then thing B is necessary. If thing B is at state C and after long time, then thing B is not at state C. Crutches is a tool. If person B break thing C, then thing C is broken.
What should be better?

Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now they should be unnecessary.
If thing B is broken, then thing B is bad. If thing B is a tool, then thing B is necessary. If thing B is at state C and after long time, then thing B is not at state C. Crutches is a tool. If person B break thing C, then thing C is broken.
What should be unnecessary?

When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. They were very much in the majority.
If there is full of person B, then person B is in the majority and person B is not in the minority.
Who were in the majority?

When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. They were very much in the minority.
If there is full of person B, then person B is in the majority and person B is not in the minority.
Who were in the minority?

Everyone really loved the oatmeal cookies; only a few people liked the chocolate chip cookies. Next time, we should make more of them.
If more people like thing B, then thing B should be make more. If less people like thing C, then thing C should be make fewer. Everyone loves thing B, everyone likes thing B. Everyone likes thing B, more people likes thing B. A few people likes thing B, then less people likes thing B.
Which cookie should we make more of, next time?

Everyone really loved the oatmeal cookies; only a few people liked the chocolate chip cookies. Next time, we should make fewer of them.
If more people like thing B, then thing B should be make more. If less people like thing C, then thing C should be make fewer. Everyone loves thing B, everyone likes thing B. Everyone likes thing B, more people likes thing B. A few people likes thing B, then less people likes thing B.
Which cookie should we make fewer of, next time?

We had hoped to place copies of our newsletter on all the chairs in the auditorium, but there were simply not enough  of them.
If thing B is all, then thing B is too many.
There are too many of what?

We had hoped to place copies of our newsletter on all the chairs in the auditorium, but there were simply  too many of them.
If thing B is all, then thing B is too many.
There are not enough of what?

I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, it left a hole.
If person B sticks thing B through thing C, then thing B might left a hole and thing C might have a hole.
What left a hole?

I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, it had a hole.
If person B sticks thing B through thing C, then thing B might left a hole and thing C might have a hole.
What had a hole?

I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because it got full of ink.
Pen’s content is ink. Coffee’s content is coffee. If person B use thing C to stir thing D, then thing C might get full of thing D’s content and thing D might get full of thing C’s content.
What got full of ink?

I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because it got full of coffee.
Pen’s content is ink. Coffee’s content is coffee. If person B use thing C to stir thing D, then thing C might get full of thing D’s content and thing D might get full of thing C’s content.
What got full of coffee?

Steve follows Fred's example in everything. He admires him hugely.
If person B admires person C, then person B might follow person C's example. If person B follow person C, then person C influences person B.
Who admires whom?

Steve follows Fred's example in everything. He influences him hugely.
If person B admires person C, then person B might follow person C's example. If person B follow person C, then person C influences person B.
Who influences whom?

The table won't fit through the doorway because it is too wide.
If thing B is too wide and thing C is too narrow, then thing B can’t fit through thing C.
What is too wide?

The table won't fit through the doorway because it is too narrow.
If thing B is too wide and thing C is too narrow, then thing B can’t fit through thing C.
What is too narrow?

Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks it looks great on her.
If person B trades thing C for thing D, then person B likes thing D and person B doesn’t like thing C. If person B thinks thing C looks great, then person B likes thing C. If person B thinks thing D looks dowdy, then person B doesn’t like thing D.
What looks great on Grace?

Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks it looks dowdy on her.
If person B trades thing C for thing D, then person B likes thing D and person B doesn’t like thing C. If person B thinks thing C looks great, then person B likes thing C. If person B thinks thing D looks dowdy, then person B doesn’t like thing D.
What looks dowdy on Grace?

Bill thinks that calling attention to himself was rude to Bert.
If person B calls attention to himself, then it is rude to somebody and it is rude of person B.
Who called attention to himself?

Bill thinks that calling attention to himself was rude of Bert.
If person B calls attention to himself, then it is rude to somebody and it is rude of person B.
Who called attention to himself?

John hired Bill to take care of him.
If person B hires person C to take care of him, then person C takes care of person B. If person B hires himself out to person C to take care of him, then person B takes care of person C.
Who is taking care of whom?

John hired himself out to Bill to take care of him.
If person B hires person C to take care of him, then person C takes care of person B. If person B hires himself out to person C to take care of him, then person B takes care of person C.
Who is taking care of whom?

John promised Bill to leave, so an hour later he left.
If person B promise person C to do something, then person B will do it. If person B order person C to do something, then person C will do it. If somebody leave, he is to do something.
Who left?

John ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later he left.
If person B promise person C to do something, then person B will do it. If person B order person C to do something, then person C will do it. If somebody leave, he is to do something.
Who left?

Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties he faced in his childhood.
Who faced difficulties?

Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties he faced in his research.
Who faced difficulties?

Emma's mother had died long ago, and her place had been [taken/managed] by an excellent woman as governess.
If person B dies, then person B’s place might be taken.
Whose place had been [taken/managed]?

Emma's mother had died long ago, and her education had been [taken/managed] by an excellent woman as governess.
If person B dies, then person B’s place might be taken.
Whose education had been [taken/managed]?

Jane knocked on Susan's door but she did not answer.
If person B knocks on person C’s door, then person B might not get an answer and person C might not answer.
Who did not answer?

Jane knocked on Susan's door but she did not get an answer.
If person B knocks on person C’s door, then person B might not get an answer and person C might not answer.
Who did not get an answer?


Joe paid the detective after he received the final report on the case.
If person B is a detective, then person B might delivers report and somebody might receive report from person B.
Who received the final report?

Joe paid the detective after he delivered the final report on the case.
If person B is a detective, then person B might delivers report and somebody might receive report from person B.
person B.
Who delivered the final report?

Beth didn't get angry with Sally, who had cut her off, because she stopped and counted to ten.
If person C does apologize or person B does calm down, then person B might not get angry with person C. If person B counts to ten, then person B might calm down.
Who counted to ten?

Beth didn't get angry with Sally, who had cut her off, because she stopped and apologized.
If person C does apologize or person B does calm down, then person B might not get angry with person C. If person B counts to ten, then person B might calm down.
Who apologized?

Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward his empty glass.
If person B signals waiters, then person B might be a customer. Barman is a waiter. If person B is a customer, then person B might has an empty glass. If person B is a waiter, then person B might has a bathroom key.
Whose empty glass?

Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward his bathroom key.
If person B signals waiters, then person B might be a customer. Barman is a waiter. If person B is a customer, then person B might has an empty glass. If person B is a waiter, then person B might has a bathroom key.
Whose bathroom key?

Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because his "Dibs!" was quicker.
If person B’s “Dibs!” is quicker, then person B takes the front seat. If person B’s “Dibs!” is slow, then person B take the rear seat. If person B claims the front seat, then person B takes the front seat.
Whose "Dibs" was quicker?

Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because his "Dibs!" was slow.
If person B’s “Dibs!” is quicker, then person B takes the front seat. If person B’s “Dibs!” is slow, then person B take the rear seat. If person B claims the front seat, then person B takes the front seat.
Whose "Dibs" was slow?

Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he took his bishop.
If person B has a bishop, then person B might say “Check” to somebody. If person B has a bishop, then person B might moves the bishop or somebody might take the bishop.
Whose bishop did Tom take?

Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved his bishop.
If person B has a bishop, then person B might say “Check” to somebody. If person B has a bishop, then person B might moves the bishop or somebody might take the bishop.
Whose bishop did Tom move?

As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, she could see the landing strip.
If person B is in the airplane, then person B could see the landing strip. If a airplane is passed over person B , then person B could see the landing gear. Crop duster is an airplane.
Who could see the landing strip?

As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, she could see the landing gear.
If person B is in the airplane, then person B could see the landing strip. If a airplane is passed over person B , then person B could see the landing gear. Crop duster is an airplane.
Who could see the landing gear?

Tom gave Ralph a lift to school so he wouldn't have to walk.
If person B gives person C a lift to someplace, then person B is a driver and person C might not have to walk. If person B is a driver, then person B might not drive alone.
Who wouldn't have to walk?

Tom gave Ralph a lift to school so he wouldn't have to drive alone.
If person B gives person C a lift to someplace, then person B is a driver and person C might not have to walk. If person B is a driver, then person B might not drive alone.
Who wouldn't have to drive alone?

Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because he was full.
If person B pass a non-empty plate to person C, then person B is full and person C is hungry. Half-empty plate is a non-empty plate.
Who was full?

Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because he was hungry.
If person B pass a non-empty plate to person C, then person B is full and person C is hungry. Half-empty plate is a non-empty plate.
Who was hungry?

Bill passed the gameboy to John because his turn was over.
If person B passes gameboy to person C, then person B’s turn is over and person C’s turn is next.
Whose turn was over?

Bill passed the gameboy to John because his turn was next.
If person B passes gameboy to person C, then person B’s turn is over and person C’s turn is next.
Whose turn was next?

The man lifted the boy onto his bunk bed.
If person B lifts person C onto bed, then person C possesses the bed. If person B lifts person C onto shoulders, then person B possesses the shoulders.
Whose bunk bed?

The man lifted the boy onto his shoulders.
If person B lifts person C onto bed, then person C possesses the bed. If person B lifts person C onto shoulders, then person B possesses the shoulders.
Whose shoulders?

Patting her back, the woman smiled at the girl.
If person B pats person C’s back, then person B might smile at person C. If person B stretches person B’s back, then person B might smile at others.
Whose back did the woman pat?

Stretching her back, the woman smiled at the girl.
If person B pats person C’s back, then person B might smile at person C. If person B stretches person B’s back, then person B might smile at others.
Whose back did the woman stretch?

Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share his toy.
If person B does not shares his thing C, then person B owns thing C. If person B does not accept thing C, then person B does not own thing C.
Who owned the toy?

Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept his toy.
If person B does not shares his thing C, then person B owns thing C. If person B does not accept thing C, then person B does not own thing C.
Who owned the toy?

Lily spoke to Donna, breaking her concentration.
If person B speaks to person C, then person B’s silence is broken and person C’s concentration is broken.
Whose concentration?

Lily spoke to Donna, breaking her silence.
If person B speaks to person C, then person B’s silence is broken and person C’s concentration is broken.
Whose silence?

When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave him a stern look.
If person B drop sth, then person B is unfortunate. If person B is unfortunate and person C smiles, then somebody might give person B a sympathetic look and person C is annoying. If person B is annoying, then somebody might give person B a stem look. If person B giggles, then person B smiles.
Who got the look from father?

When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave him a sympathetic look.
If person B drop sth, then person B is unfortunate. If person B is unfortunate and person C smiles, then somebody might give person B a sympathetic look and person C is annoying. If person B is annoying, then somebody might give person B a stem look. If person B giggles, then person B smiles.
Who got the look from father?

As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, his legs dangled.
If person B’s legs are floating, then person B’s legs are dangled. If person B’s legs are weight-then bearing, person B’s legs are ached. If person B carries person C up, then person C’s legs are floating and person B’s legs are weight-bearing,
Whose legs dangled?

As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, his legs ached.
If person B’s legs are floating, then person B’s legs are dangled. If person B’s legs are weight-then bearing, person B’s legs are ached. If person B carries person C up, then person C’s legs are floating and person B’s legs are weight-bearing,
Whose legs ached?

The father carried the sleeping boy in his arms.
If person B is sleep, then person C might carry person B in person C’s arms. If person B is a kid, then person B might has a bassinet. If person B is a boy, then person B is a kid.
Whose arms?

The father carried the sleeping boy in his bassinet.
If person B is sleep, then person C might carry person B in person C’s arms. If person B is a kid, then person B might has a bassinet. If person B is a boy, then person B is a kid.
Whose bassinet?

The woman held the girl against her chest.
If person B holds person C, then person C might reject. If person C is against his will, then person C is rejecting. If person B holds person C against her chest, then chest belongs to person B.
Whose chest?

The woman held the girl against her will.
If person B holds person C, then person C might reject. If person C is against his will, then person C is rejecting. If person B holds person C against her chest, then chest belongs to person B.
Whose will?

Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. They were embarrassed about it.
If person B found person C doing sth embarrassing, then person B might be furious and person C might be embarrassed. If person B is having sex, then person B is doing sth embarrassing.
Who were embarrassed?

Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. They were furious about it.
If person B found person C doing sth embarrassing, then person B might be furious and person C might be embarrassed. If person B is having sex, then person B is doing sth embarrassing.
Who were furious?

Dr. Adams informed Kate that she had cancer and presented several options for future treatment.
If person B inform person C sth and person B is a doctor, then person C might have illness or person B might have retired.
Who had cancer?

Dr. Adams informed Kate that she had retired and presented several options for future treatment. 
If person B inform person C sth and person B is a doctor, then person C might have illness or person B might have retired.
Who had retired?

Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. He is very compassionate.
If person B stop person C from doing sth crucial, then person B is compassionate and person C is cruel. If somebody toys with the injured bird, then he is doing sth crucial.
Who is compassionate?

Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. He is very cruel.
If person B stop person C from doing sth crucial, then person B is compassionate and person C is cruel. If somebody toys with the injured bird, then he is doing sth crucial.
Who is cruel?

George got free tickets to the play, but he gave them to Eric because he was [particularly/not particularly] eager to see it.
If person B gives the tickets to person C, then person B is not particularly eager to see sth and person C is particularly eager to see sth.
Who was eager to see the play?

George got free tickets to the play, but he gave them to Eric even though he was [particularly/not particularly] eager to see it.
If person B gives the tickets to person C, then person B is not particularly eager to see sth and person C is particularly eager to see sth.
Who  was not eager to see the play?

Jane gave Joan candy because she was hungry.
If person B gives person C food, then person B is not hungry and person C is hungry. Candy is food.
Who was hungry?

Jane gave Joan candy because she wasn't hungry.
If person B gives person C food, then person B is not hungry and person C is hungry. Candy is food.
Who wasn't hungry?

I tried to paint a picture of an orchard, with lemons in the lemon trees, but they came out looking more like light bulbs .
If thing B looks like thing C, then thing B have the same shape with thing C. Light bulb’s shape is round. Lemon’s shape is round. Lemon tree’s shape is cylindrical. Telephone pole’s shape is cylindrical.
What looked like light bulbs ?

I tried to paint a picture of an orchard, with lemons in the lemon trees, but they came out looking more like  telephone poles.
If thing B looks like thing C, then thing B have the same shape with thing C. Light bulb’s shape is round. Lemon’s shape is round. Lemon tree’s shape is cylindrical. Telephone pole’s shape is cylindrical.
What looked like  telephone poles?

James asked Robert for a favor but he refused.
If person B ask person C for a favor, then person B may be refused or person C may refuse.
Who refused?

James asked Robert for a favor but he was refused.
If person B ask person C for a favor, then person B may be refused or person C may refuse.
Who was refused?

Kirilov ceded the presidency to Shatov because he was more popular.
If person B cedes sth to person C, then person B lose sth and person C get sth. If person B is less popular, then person B lose sth. If person C is more popular, then person C get sth.
Who was more popular?

Kirilov ceded the presidency to Shatov because he was less popular.
If person B cedes sth to person C, then person B lose sth and person C get sth. If person B is less popular, then person B lose sth. If person C is more popular, then person C get sth.
Who was less popular?

Emma did not pass the ball to Janie although she was open.
If person B is open, then somebody migth pass the ball to person B. If person B sees that person C is open, then person B might pass the ball to person C.
Who was open?

Emma did not pass the ball to Janie although she saw that she was open.
If person B is open, somebody migth pass the ball to person B.If person B sees that person C is open, person B might pass the ball to person C.
Who saw that the other player was open?

Joe saw his brother skiing on TV last night but the fool didn't recognize him.
If person B sees person C and person B might not recognize person C, person B is a fool. If person B do sth in low temperature and person B doesn’t have a coat on, person B is a fool. Skiing on TV is doing sth in low temperature.
Who is the fool?

Joe saw his brother skiing on TV last night but the fool didn't have a coat on.
If person B sees person C and person B might not recognize person C, person B is a fool. If person B do sth in low temperature and person B doesn’t have a coat on, person B is a fool. Skiing on TV is doing sth in low temperature.
Who is the fool?

I put the heavy book on the table and it broke.
If somebody puts thing B on thing C and thing B is heavy, then thing C might break. If somebody puts thing B on thing C and thing B is fragile, then thing B might break.Butterfly wing is fragile. Heavy book is heavy.
What broke?

I put the butterfly wing on the table and it broke.
If somebody puts thing B on thing C and thing B is heavy, then thing C might break. If somebody puts thing B on thing C and thing B is fragile, then thing B might break.Butterfly wing is fragile. Heavy book is heavy.
What broke?

Madonna fired her trainer because she slept with her boyfriend.
Who couldn't stand whose boyfriend?
Who slept with whose boyfriend?

Madonna fired her trainer because she couldn't stand her boyfriend.
Who couldn't stand whose boyfriend?
Who slept with whose boyfriend?

Carol believed that Rebecca suspected  that she had stolen the watch.
If person B suspect that somebody do sth, then he might be suspected of doing it. If person B regrets that somebody do sth, person B might doing it.
Who is suspected of stealing the watch? / Who stole the watch?

Carol believed that Rebecca  regretted that she had stolen the watch.
If person B suspect that somebody do sth, then he might be suspected of doing it. If person B regrets that somebody do sth, person B might doing it.
Who is suspected of stealing the watch? / Who stole the watch?

This book introduced Shakespeare to Ovid; it was a major influence on his writing.
If person B is born before person C, then person C’s writing might be influenced. Ovid is born before Shakespeare. Shakespeare is born before Goethe.
Whose writing was influenced?

This book introduced Shakespeare to Goethe; it was a major influence on his writing.
If person B is born before person C, then person C’s writing might be influenced. Ovid is born before Shakespeare. Shakespeare is born before Goethe.
Whose writing was influenced?

This book introduced Shakespeare to Ovid; it was a fine selection of his writing.
Fine selection of whose writing?

This book introduced Shakespeare to Goethe; it was a fine selection of his writing.
Fine selection of whose writing?


Alice looked for her friend Jade in the crowd. Since she always has good luck, Alice spotted her quickly.
If  person B has good luck or person C is obvious, then person B spots person C quickly. If person B wears a red turban, then person B is obvious.
Who always has good luck?

Alice looked for her friend Jade in the crowd. Since she always wears a red turban, Alice spotted her quickly.
If  person B has good luck or person C is obvious, then person B spots person C quickly. If person B wears a red turban, then person B is obvious.
Who always wears a red turban?

During a game of tag, Ethan chased Luke because he was "it".
During a game of tag, if person B is a 'it',  then person B might chase somebody and somebody might run from person B.
Who was "it"?

During a game of tag, Ethan ran from Luke because he was "it".
During a game of tag, if person B is a 'it',  then person B might chase somebody and somebody might run from person B.
Who was "it"?
