72.The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach it.
Path is used to reach somewhere. If path to somewhere is blocked, path can’t be used and somewhere can’t be reached.
What couldn't we reach?

73.The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use it.
Path is used to reach somewhere. If path to somewhere is blocked, path can’t be used and somewhere can’t be reached.
What couldn't we use?

73.The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, it was gone.
If sun is covered by thing C and sun is out, then it is lucky. If it is lucky, then it is luckily. If sun is covered by thing C and thing C is gone, then it is lucky.
What was gone?

74.The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, it was out.
If sun is covered by thing C and sun is out, then it is lucky. If it is lucky, then it is luckily. If sun is covered by thing C and thing C is gone, then it is lucky.
What was out?

74.We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so it was a dangerous place to swim.
If something dangerous is at place B, then place B is dangerous.Shark is a dangerous thing.
Which was a dangerous place to swim?

75.We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so it was a safer place to swim.
If something dangerous is at place B, then place B is dangerous.Shark is a dangerous thing.
Which was a safer place to swim?

75.Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but they ended up looking more like dogs.
If thing B looks like thing C, then thing B has the same shape with thing C. Shepherd and golfers are same specie. Sheep and dogs are the same specie. Sheep and shepherd are not same specie. If thing B and thing C are same species, then thing B has the same shape with thing C.
What looked like dogs?

76.Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but they ended up looking more like golfers.
If thing B looks like thing C, then thing B has the same shape with thing C. Shepherd and golfers are same specie. Sheep and dogs are the same specie. Sheep and shepherd are not same specie. If thing B and thing C are same species, then thing B has the same shape with thing C.
What looked like golfers?

76.Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that she could sleep.
If person B tucks person C into bed, then person C could sleep. If person B sleeps, then person B can’t work.
Who is going to sleep?

77.Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that she could work.
If person B tucks person C into bed, then person C could sleep. If person B sleeps, then person B can’t work.
Who is going to work?

77.Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but they were not enough for the cold in Alaska.
Coats might not be enough for the cold. Persons might not be prepared for the cold.
Who or what were not enough for the cold?

78.Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but they were not prepared for the cold in Alaska.
Coats might not be enough for the cold. Persons might not be prepared for the cold.
Who or what were not prepared for the cold?

78.Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date he had been dead for five years.
If person B visit somewhere, then person B might travel. If person B has grave, then person B might be dead.
Who had been dead for five years?

79.Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date he had been travelling for five years.
If person B visit somewhere, then person B might travel. If person B has grave, then person B might be dead.
Who had been travelling for five years?

79.Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though he lived two centuries earlier.
If person B is influenced by person C, then person B lived later and person C lived earlier.
Who lived earlier?

80.Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though he lived two centuries later.
If person B is influenced by person C, then person B lived later and person C lived earlier.
Who lived later?

80.Tom's daughter Eva is engaged to Dr. Stewart, who is his partner. The two doctors have known one another for ten years.
If person B is engaged to person C, then person B and person C are two lovers. If person B is person C’s partner, then person B’s profession is the same with person C’s.
Which two people have known one another for ten years?

81.Tom's daughter Eva is engaged to Dr. Stewart, who is his partner. The two lovers have known one another for ten years.
If person B is engaged to person C, then person B and person C are two lovers. If person B is person C’s partner, then person B’s profession is the same with person C’s.
Which two people have known one another for ten years?

81.I can't cut that tree down with that axe; it is too thick.
If thing C is thick or thing D is small, then somebody can’t cut thing C down with thing D.
What is too thick?

82.I can't cut that tree down with that axe; it is too small.
If thing C is thick or thing D is small, then somebody can’t cut thing C down with thing D.
What is too small?

82.The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to guard them.
If thing B attacks thing C, then thing B is dangerous and thing C is in danger. If thing B is dangerous, then person D should kill thing B. If thing B is in danger, person D should guard thing B.
What do I have to guard?

83.The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to kill them.
If thing B attacks thing C, then thing B is dangerous and thing C is in danger. If thing B is dangerous, then person D should kill thing B. If thing B is in danger, person D should guard thing B.
What do I have to kill?

83.The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. They have gotten very bold.
If thing B attacks thing C, then thing B gets bold and thing C gets nervous.
What has gotten bold?

84.The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. They have gotten very nervous.
If thing B attacks thing C, then thing B gets bold and thing C gets nervous.
What has gotten nervous?

84.Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened them when the wind stopped.
If person B covers thing C with thing D and thing D is in lower position than thing C, then thing C is closed and thing D is raised up. Hands is in lower position than eyes. If thing B is closed, then person B can open thing B. If thing B is raised up, then person B can lower thing B.
What did Fred open?

85.Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered them when the wind stopped.
If person B covers thing C with thing D and thing D is in lower position than thing C, then thing C is closed and thing D is raised up. Hands is in lower position than eyes. If thing B is closed, then person B can open thing B. If thing B is raised up, then person B can lower thing B.
What did Fred lower?

85.The actress used to be named Terpsichore, but she changed it to Tina a few years ago, because she figured it was easier to pronounce.
If name B is easier to pronounce than name C, then somebody might change name B to name C. If name B is easier to pronounce than name C, then name C is harder to pronounce than name B.
Which name was easier to pronounce?

86.The actress used to be named Terpsichore, but she changed it to Tina a few years ago, because she figured it was too hard to pronounce.
If name B is easier to pronounce than name C, then somebody might change name B to name C. If name B is easier to pronounce than name C, then name C is harder to pronounce than name B.
Which name was too hard to pronounce?

86.Fred watched TV while George went out to buy groceries. After an hour he got up.
If person B go out to buy groceries, then person B is out. If person B is out, then person B could get back. If person B watches TV, then he might sit down. If person B might sit down, then he could get up.
Who got up?

87.Fred watched TV while George went out to buy groceries. After an hour he got back.
If person B go out to buy groceries, then person B is out. If person B is out, then person B could get back. If person B watches TV, then he might sit down. If person B might sit down, then he could get up.
Who got back?

87.Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off, because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so he changed his mind and turned it on.
If thing B is on, then thing B could be turned off. If thing B is off, then thing B could be turned on. If person B watches thing C, then thing C is on. If person B puts off thing C, then thing C is off.
What did Fred turn on?

88.Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off, because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so he changed his mind and turned it off.
If thing B is on, then thing B could be turned off. If thing B is off, then thing B could be turned on. If person B watches thing C, then thing C is on. If person B puts off thing C, then thing C is off.
What did Fred turn off?

88.Fred is the only man still alive who remembers my great-grandfather. He is a remarkable man.
If person B is alive, then person B is remarkable. If person B is dead, then person B was remarkable. Great-grandfather might be dead.
Who is a remarkable man?

89.Fred is the only man still alive who remembers my great-grandfather. He was a remarkable man.
If person B is alive, then person B is remarkable. If person B is dead, then person B was remarkable. Great-grandfather might be dead.
Who was a remarkable man?

89.Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, he was twelve years old.
If person B is an infant, then his age is less than three years. Twelve years is not less than three years. Twelve months is equal to one year. One year is less than three years.
Who was twelve years old?

90.Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, he was twelve months old.
If person B is an infant, then his age is less than three years. Twelve years is not less than three years. Twelve months is equal to one year. One year is less than three years.
Who was twelve months old?

90.In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, they were victorious within weeks.
If region B is stronger, then region B wins. If region B wins, then region B is victorious and region B is not defeated. If region B is better, then region B is stronger.
Who was victorious?

91.In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, they were defeated within weeks.
If region B is stronger, then region B wins. If region B wins, then region B is victorious and region B is not defeated. If region B is better, then region B is stronger.
Who was defeated?

91.Elizabeth moved her company from Sparta to Troy to save money on taxes; the taxes are much higher there.
If person B moves from place C to place D to do something, then person B do something in place D. If place D might has lower taxes and place C has higher taxes , then person B can save money in place D. If person B save money in place D, then person B do something in place D.
Where are the taxes higher? 

92.Elizabeth moved her company from Sparta to Troy to save money on taxes; the taxes are much lower there.
If person B moves from place C to place D to do something, then person B do something in place D. If place D might has lower taxes and place C has higher taxes , then person B can save money in place D. If person B save money in place D, then person B do something in place D.
Where are the taxes lower? 

92.Esomethinger figures that she will save shipping costs if she builds her factory in Springfield instead of Franklin, because most of her customers live there.
If person B builds factory in place C and most of customers live in place C, then person B will save shipping costs.  If person B doesn’t build factory in place C and none of customers live in place C, then person B might save money. If person B builds factory in place C instead of place D, then person B builds factory in place C and person B doesn’t build factory in place D.
In which town do most of Esomethinger's customers live?

93.Esomethinger figures that she will save shipping costs if she builds her factory in Springfield instead of Franklin, because none of her customers live there.
If person B builds factory in place C and most of customers live in place C, then person B will save shipping costs.  If person B doesn’t build factory in place C and none of customers live in place C, then person B might save money. If person B builds factory in place C instead of place D, then person B builds factory in place C and person B doesn’t build factory in place D.
In which town do none of Esomethinger's customers live?

93.Look! There is a shark swimming right below that duck! It had better get away to safety fast!
If thing B is the prey of thing C and thing B is near thing C, then thing B might get away to safety. Duck is the prey of shark. Minnow is the prey of duck.
What needs to get away to safety?

94.Look! There is a minnow swimming right below that duck! It had better get away to safety fast! 
If thing B is the prey of thing C and thing B is near thing C, then thing B might get away to safety. Duck is the prey of shark. Minnow is the prey of duck.
What needs to get away to safety?

94.There are too many deer in the park, so the park service brought in a small pack of wolves. The population should increase over the next few years.
If animal B is the prey of animal C, then animal C’s population should increase and animal B's population should decrease. Deer is the prey of wolves.
Which population will increase?

95.There are too many deer in the park, so the park service brought in a small pack of wolves. The population should decrease over the next few years.
If animal B is the prey of animal C, then animal C’s population should increase and animal B's population should decrease. Deer is the prey of wolves.
Which population will decrease?

95.Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. They hunted for deer on the river banks.
If person B has concluded something, then person B hunts for evidence. If person B lives many years ago, then person B is ancient. If person B is an ancient, then person B hunts for animals. If person B hunts for deer, then person B hunts for animals.
Who hunted for deer?

96.Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. They hunted for evidence on the river banks.
If person B has concluded something, then person B hunts for evidence. If person B lives many years ago, then person B is ancient. If person B is an ancient, then person B hunts for animals. If person B hunts for deer, then person B hunts for animals.
Who hunted for evidence?

96.The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. They appeared two years ago.
If thing B has been found living in something, then thing B might appear some years ago. If thing B is studying something, then thing B might begin some years ago.
Who or what appeared two years ago?

97.The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. They began two years ago.
If thing B has been found living in something, then thing B might appear some years ago. If thing B is studying something, then thing B might begin some years ago.
Who or what began two years ago?

97.The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. They were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time.
If person B interviewed person C and the interview lasted for a long time, then person C might be cooperative and person B might be persistent.
Who was cooperative?

98.The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. They were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time.
If person B interviewed person C and the interview lasted for a long time, then person C might be cooperative and person B might be persistent.
Who was persistent?

98.The police arrested all of the gang members. They were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood.
The police is good man. The gang members is bad man. Good man do good things. Bad man do bad things. Run the drug trade is to do bad things. Stop drug trade is to do good things.
Who was trying to run the drug trade?

99.The police arrested all of the gang members. They were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood.
The police is good man. The gang members is bad man. Good man do good things. Bad man do bad things. Run the drug trade is to do bad things. Stop drug trade is to do good things.
Who was trying to stop the drug trade?

99.I put the cake away in the refrigerator. It has a lot of butter in it.
Cake has butter. Refrigerator has leftovers
What has a lot of butter?

100.I put the cake away in the refrigerator. It has a lot of leftovers in it.
Cake has butter. Refrigerator has leftovers
What has a lot of leftovers?

100.Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now they should be better.
If thing B is broken, then thing B is bad. If thing B is a tool, then thing B is necessary. If thing B is at state C and after long time, then thing B is not at state C. Crutches is a tool. If person B break thing C, then thing C is broken.
What should be better?

101.Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now they should be unnecessary.
If thing B is broken, then thing B is bad. If thing B is a tool, then thing B is necessary. If thing B is at state C and after long time, then thing B is not at state C. Crutches is a tool. If person B break thing C, then thing C is broken.
What should be unnecessary?

101.When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. They were very much in the majority.
If there is full of person B, then person B is in the majority and person B is not in the minority.
Who were in the majority?

102.When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. They were very much in the minority.
If there is full of person B, then person B is in the majority and person B is not in the minority.
Who were in the minority?

102.Everyone really loved the oatmeal cookies; only a few people liked the chocolate chip cookies. Next time, we should make more of them.
If more people like thing B, then thing B should be make more. If less people like thing C, then thing C should be make fewer. Everyone loves thing B, everyone likes thing B. Everyone likes thing B, more people likes thing B. A few people likes thing B, then less people likes thing B.
Which cookie should we make more of, next time?

103.Everyone really loved the oatmeal cookies; only a few people liked the chocolate chip cookies. Next time, we should make fewer of them.
If more people like thing B, then thing B should be make more. If less people like thing C, then thing C should be make fewer. Everyone loves thing B, everyone likes thing B. Everyone likes thing B, more people likes thing B. A few people likes thing B, then less people likes thing B.
Which cookie should we make fewer of, next time?

103.We had hoped to place copies of our newsletter on all the chairs in the auditorium, but there were simply not enough  of them.
If thing B is all, then thing B is too many.
There are too many of what?

104.We had hoped to place copies of our newsletter on all the chairs in the auditorium, but there were simply  too many of them.
If thing B is all, then thing B is too many.
There are not enough of what?

104.I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, it left a hole.
If person B sticks thing B through thing C, then thing B might left a hole and thing C might have a hole.
What left a hole?

105.I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, it had a hole.
If person B sticks thing B through thing C, then thing B might left a hole and thing C might have a hole.
What had a hole?

105.I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because it got full of ink.
Pen’s content is ink. Coffee’s content is coffee. If person B use thing C to stir thing D, then thing C might get full of thing D’s content and thing D might get full of thing C’s content.
What got full of ink?

106.I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because it got full of coffee.
Pen’s content is ink. Coffee’s content is coffee. If person B use thing C to stir thing D, then thing C might get full of thing D’s content and thing D might get full of thing C’s content.
What got full of coffee?

106.Steve follows Fred's example in everything. He admires him hugely.
If person B admires person C, then person B might follow person C's example. If person B follow person C, then person C influences person B.
Who admires whom?

107.Steve follows Fred's example in everything. He influences him hugely.
If person B admires person C, then person B might follow person C's example. If person B follow person C, then person C influences person B.
Who influences whom?

107.The table won't fit through the doorway because it is too wide.
If thing B is too wide and thing C is too narrow, then thing B can’t fit through thing C.
What is too wide?

108.The table won't fit through the doorway because it is too narrow.
If thing B is too wide and thing C is too narrow, then thing B can’t fit through thing C.
What is too narrow?

108.Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks it looks great on her.
If person B trades thing C for thing D, then person B likes thing D and person B doesn’t like thing C. If person B thinks thing C looks great, then person B likes thing C. If person B thinks thing D looks dowdy, then person B doesn’t like thing D.
What looks great on Grace?

109.Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks it looks dowdy on her.
If person B trades thing C for thing D, then person B likes thing D and person B doesn’t like thing C. If person B thinks thing C looks great, then person B likes thing C. If person B thinks thing D looks dowdy, then person B doesn’t like thing D.
What looks dowdy on Grace?

109.Bill thinks that calling attention to himself was rude to Bert.
If person B calls attention to himself, then it is rude to somebody and it is rude of person B.
Who called attention to himself?

110.Bill thinks that calling attention to himself was rude of Bert.
If person B calls attention to himself, then it is rude to somebody and it is rude of person B.
Who called attention to himself?

110.John hired Bill to take care of him.
If person B hires person C to take care of him, then person C takes care of person B. If person B hires himself out to person C to take care of him, then person B takes care of person C.
Who is taking care of whom?

111.John hired himself out to Bill to take care of him.
If person B hires person C to take care of him, then person C takes care of person B. If person B hires himself out to person C to take care of him, then person B takes care of person C.
Who is taking care of whom?

111.John promised Bill to leave, so an hour later he left.
If person B promise person C to do something, then person B will do it. If person B order person C to do something, then person C will do it. If somebody leave, he is to do something.
Who left?

112.John ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later he left.
If person B promise person C to do something, then person B will do it. If person B order person C to do something, then person C will do it. If somebody leave, he is to do something.
Who left?

112.Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties he faced in his childhood.
Who faced difficulties?

113.Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties he faced in his research.
Who faced difficulties?

113.Emma's mother had died long ago, and her place had been [taken/managed] by an excellent woman as governess.
If person B dies, then person B’s place might be taken.
Whose place had been [taken/managed]?

114.Emma's mother had died long ago, and her education had been [taken/managed] by an excellent woman as governess.
If person B dies, then person B’s place might be taken.
Whose education had been [taken/managed]?

114.Jane knocked on Susan's door but she did not answer.
If person B knocks on person C’s door, then person B might not get an answer and person C might not answer.
Who did not answer?

115.Jane knocked on Susan's door but she did not get an answer.
If person B knocks on person C’s door, then person B might not get an answer and person C might not answer.
Who did not get an answer?

115.
116.Joe paid the detective after he received the final report on the case.
If person B is a detective, then person B might delivers report and somebody might receive report from person B.
Who received the final report?

116.Joe paid the detective after he delivered the final report on the case.
If person B is a detective, then person B might delivers report and somebody might receive report from person B.
person B.
Who delivered the final report?

117.Beth didn't get angry with Sally, who had cut her off, because she stopped and counted to ten.
If person C does apologize or person B does calm down, then person B might not get angry with person C. If person B counts to ten, then person B might calm down.
Who counted to ten?

117.Beth didn't get angry with Sally, who had cut her off, because she stopped and apologized.
If person C does apologize or person B does calm down, then person B might not get angry with person C. If person B counts to ten, then person B might calm down.
Who apologized?

118.Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward his empty glass.
If person B signals waiters, then person B might be a customer. Barman is a waiter. If person B is a customer, then person B might has an empty glass. If person B is a waiter, then person B might has a bathroom key.
Whose empty glass?

118.Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward his bathroom key.
If person B signals waiters, then person B might be a customer. Barman is a waiter. If person B is a customer, then person B might has an empty glass. If person B is a waiter, then person B might has a bathroom key.
Whose bathroom key?

119.Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because his "Dibs!" was quicker.
If person B’s “Dibs!” is quicker, then person B takes the front seat. If person B’s “Dibs!” is slow, then person B take the rear seat. If person B claims the front seat, then person B takes the front seat.
Whose "Dibs" was quicker?

119.Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because his "Dibs!" was slow.
If person B’s “Dibs!” is quicker, then person B takes the front seat. If person B’s “Dibs!” is slow, then person B take the rear seat. If person B claims the front seat, then person B takes the front seat.
Whose "Dibs" was slow?

120.Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he took his bishop.
If person B has a bishop, then person B might say “Check” to somebody. If person B has a bishop, then person B might moves the bishop or somebody might take the bishop.
Whose bishop did Tom take?

120.Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved his bishop.
If person B has a bishop, then person B might say “Check” to somebody. If person B has a bishop, then person B might moves the bishop or somebody might take the bishop.
Whose bishop did Tom move?

121.As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, she could see the landing strip.
If person B is in the airplane, then person B could see the landing strip. If a airplane is passed over person B , then person B could see the landing gear. Crop duster is an airplane.
Who could see the landing strip?

121.As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, she could see the landing gear.
If person B is in the airplane, then person B could see the landing strip. If a airplane is passed over person B , then person B could see the landing gear. Crop duster is an airplane.
Who could see the landing gear?

122.Tom gave Ralph a lift to school so he wouldn't have to walk.
If person B gives person C a lift to someplace, then person B is a driver and person C might not have to walk. If person B is a driver, then person B might not drive alone.
Who wouldn't have to walk?

122.Tom gave Ralph a lift to school so he wouldn't have to drive alone.
If person B gives person C a lift to someplace, then person B is a driver and person C might not have to walk. If person B is a driver, then person B might not drive alone.
Who wouldn't have to drive alone?

123.Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because he was full.
If person B pass a non-empty plate to person C, then person B is full and person C is hungry. Half-empty plate is a non-empty plate.
Who was full?

123.Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because he was hungry.
If person B pass a non-empty plate to person C, then person B is full and person C is hungry. Half-empty plate is a non-empty plate.
Who was hungry?

124.Bill passed the gameboy to John because his turn was over.
If person B passes gameboy to person C, then person B’s turn is over and person C’s turn is next.
Whose turn was over?

124.Bill passed the gameboy to John because his turn was next.
If person B passes gameboy to person C, then person B’s turn is over and person C’s turn is next.
Whose turn was next?

125.The man lifted the boy onto his bunk bed.
If person B lifts person C onto bed, then person C possesses the bed. If person B lifts person C onto shoulders, then person B possesses the shoulders.
Whose bunk bed?

125.The man lifted the boy onto his shoulders.
If person B lifts person C onto bed, then person C possesses the bed. If person B lifts person C onto shoulders, then person B possesses the shoulders.
Whose shoulders?

126.Patting her back, the woman smiled at the girl.
If person B pats person C’s back, then person B might smile at person C. If person B stretches person B’s back, then person B might smile at others.
Whose back did the woman pat?

126.Stretching her back, the woman smiled at the girl.
If person B pats person C’s back, then person B might smile at person C. If person B stretches person B’s back, then person B might smile at others.
Whose back did the woman stretch?

127.Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share his toy.
If person B does not shares his thing C, then person B owns thing C. If person B does not accept thing C, then person B does not own thing C.
Who owned the toy?

127.Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept his toy.
If person B does not shares his thing C, then person B owns thing C. If person B does not accept thing C, then person B does not own thing C.
Who owned the toy?

128.Lily spoke to Donna, breaking her concentration.
If person B speaks to person C, then person B’s silence is broken and person C’s concentration is broken.
Whose concentration?

128.Lily spoke to Donna, breaking her silence.
If person B speaks to person C, then person B’s silence is broken and person C’s concentration is broken.
Whose silence?

129.When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave him a stern look.
If person B drop something, then person B is unfortunate. If person B is unfortunate and person C smiles, then somebody might give person B a sympathetic look and person C is annoying. If person B is annoying, then somebody might give person B a stem look. If person B giggles, then person B smiles.
Who got the look from father?

129.When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave him a sympathetic look.
If person B drop something, then person B is unfortunate. If person B is unfortunate and person C smiles, then somebody might give person B a sympathetic look and person C is annoying. If person B is annoying, then somebody might give person B a stem look. If person B giggles, then person B smiles.
Who got the look from father?

130.As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, his legs dangled.
If person B’s legs are floating, then person B’s legs are dangled. If person B’s legs are weight-then bearing, person B’s legs are ached. If person B carries person C up, then person C’s legs are floating and person B’s legs are weight-bearing,
Whose legs dangled?

130.As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, his legs ached.
If person B’s legs are floating, then person B’s legs are dangled. If person B’s legs are weight-then bearing, person B’s legs are ached. If person B carries person C up, then person C’s legs are floating and person B’s legs are weight-bearing,
Whose legs ached?

131.The father carried the sleeping boy in his arms.
If person B is sleep, then person C might carry person B in person C’s arms. If person B is a kid, then person B might has a bassinet. If person B is a boy, then person B is a kid.
Whose arms?

131.The father carried the sleeping boy in his bassinet.
If person B is sleep, then person C might carry person B in person C’s arms. If person B is a kid, then person B might has a bassinet. If person B is a boy, then person B is a kid.
Whose bassinet?

132.The woman held the girl against her chest.
If person B holds person C, then person C might reject. If person C is against his will, then person C is rejecting. If person B holds person C against her chest, then chest belongs to person B.
Whose chest?

132.The woman held the girl against her will.
If person B holds person C, then person C might reject. If person C is against his will, then person C is rejecting. If person B holds person C against her chest, then chest belongs to person B.
Whose will?

133.Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. They were embarrassed about it.
If person B found person C doing something embarrassing, then person B might be furious and person C might be embarrassed. If person B is having sex, then person B is doing something embarrassing.
Who were embarrassed?

133.Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. They were furious about it.
If person B found person C doing something embarrassing, then person B might be furious and person C might be embarrassed. If person B is having sex, then person B is doing something embarrassing.
Who were furious?

134.Dr. Adams informed Kate that she had cancer and presented several options for future treatment.
If person B inform person C something and person B is a doctor, then person C might have illness or person B might have retired.
Who had cancer?

134.Dr. Adams informed Kate that she had retired and presented several options for future treatment. 
If person B inform person C something and person B is a doctor, then person C might have illness or person B might have retired.
Who had retired?

135.Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. He is very compassionate.
If person B stop person C from doing something crucial, then person B is compassionate and person C is cruel. If somebody toys with the injured bird, then he is doing something crucial.
Who is compassionate?

135.Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. He is very cruel.
If person B stop person C from doing something crucial, then person B is compassionate and person C is cruel. If somebody toys with the injured bird, then he is doing something crucial.
Who is cruel?

136.George got free tickets to the play, but he gave them to Eric because he was [particularly/not particularly] eager to see it.
If person B gives the tickets to person C, then person B is not particularly eager to see something and person C is particularly eager to see something.
Who was eager to see the play?

136.George got free tickets to the play, but he gave them to Eric even though he was [particularly/not particularly] eager to see it.
If person B gives the tickets to person C, then person B is not particularly eager to see something and person C is particularly eager to see something.
Who  was not eager to see the play?

137.Jane gave Joan candy because she was hungry.
If person B gives person C food, then person B is not hungry and person C is hungry. Candy is food.
Who was hungry?

137.Jane gave Joan candy because she wasn't hungry.
If person B gives person C food, then person B is not hungry and person C is hungry. Candy is food.
Who wasn't hungry?

138.I tried to paint a picture of an orchard, with lemons in the lemon trees, but they came out looking more like light bulbs .
If thing B looks like thing C, then thing B have the same shape with thing C. Light bulb’s shape is round. Lemon’s shape is round. Lemon tree’s shape is cylindrical. Telephone pole’s shape is cylindrical.
What looked like light bulbs ?

138.I tried to paint a picture of an orchard, with lemons in the lemon trees, but they came out looking more like  telephone poles.
If thing B looks like thing C, then thing B have the same shape with thing C. Light bulb’s shape is round. Lemon’s shape is round. Lemon tree’s shape is cylindrical. Telephone pole’s shape is cylindrical.
What looked like  telephone poles?

139.James asked Robert for a favor but he refused.
If person B ask person C for a favor, then person B may be refused or person C may refuse.
Who refused?

139.James asked Robert for a favor but he was refused.
If person B ask person C for a favor, then person B may be refused or person C may refuse.
Who was refused?

140.Kirilov ceded the presidency to Shatov because he was more popular.
If person B cedes something to person C, then person B lose something and person C get something. If person B is less popular, then person B lose something. If person C is more popular, then person C get something.
Who was more popular?

140.Kirilov ceded the presidency to Shatov because he was less popular.
If person B cedes something to person C, then person B lose something and person C get something. If person B is less popular, then person B lose something. If person C is more popular, then person C get something.
Who was less popular?

141.Emma did not pass the ball to Janie although she was open.
If person B is open, then somebody migth pass the ball to person B. If person B sees that person C is open, then person B might pass the ball to person C.
Who was open?

141.Emma did not pass the ball to Janie although she saw that she was open.
If person B is open, somebody migth pass the ball to person B.If person B sees that person C is open, person B might pass the ball to person C.
Who saw that the other player was open?

142.Joe saw his brother skiing on TV last night but the fool didn't recognize him.
If person B sees person C and person B might not recognize person C, person B is a fool. If person B do something in low temperature and person B doesn’t have a coat on, person B is a fool. Skiing on TV is doing something in low temperature.
Who is the fool?

142.Joe saw his brother skiing on TV last night but the fool didn't have a coat on.
If person B sees person C and person B might not recognize person C, person B is a fool. If person B do something in low temperature and person B doesn’t have a coat on, person B is a fool. Skiing on TV is doing something in low temperature.
Who is the fool?

143.I put the heavy book on the table and it broke.
If somebody puts thing B on thing C and thing B is heavy, then thing C might break. If somebody puts thing B on thing C and thing B is fragile, then thing B might break.Butterfly wing is fragile. Heavy book is heavy.
What broke?

143.I put the butterfly wing on the table and it broke.
If somebody puts thing B on thing C and thing B is heavy, then thing C might break. If somebody puts thing B on thing C and thing B is fragile, then thing B might break.Butterfly wing is fragile. Heavy book is heavy.
What broke?

144.Madonna fired her trainer because she slept with her boyfriend.
Who couldn't stand whose boyfriend?
Who slept with whose boyfriend?

144.Madonna fired her trainer because she couldn't stand her boyfriend.
Who couldn't stand whose boyfriend?
Who slept with whose boyfriend?

145.Carol believed that Rebecca suspected  that she had stolen the watch.
If person B suspect that somebody do something, then he might be suspected of doing it. If person B regrets that somebody do something, person B might doing it.
Who is suspected of stealing the watch? / Who stole the watch?

145.Carol believed that Rebecca  regretted that she had stolen the watch.
If person B suspect that somebody do something, then he might be suspected of doing it. If person B regrets that somebody do something, person B might doing it.
Who is suspected of stealing the watch? / Who stole the watch?

146.This book introduced Shakespeare to Ovid; it was a major influence on his writing.
If person B is born before person C, then person C’s writing might be influenced. Ovid is born before Shakespeare. Shakespeare is born before Goethe.
Whose writing was influenced?

146.This book introduced Shakespeare to Goethe; it was a major influence on his writing.
If person B is born before person C, then person C’s writing might be influenced. Ovid is born before Shakespeare. Shakespeare is born before Goethe.
Whose writing was influenced?

147.This book introduced Shakespeare to Ovid; it was a fine selection of his writing.
Fine selection of whose writing?

147.This book introduced Shakespeare to Goethe; it was a fine selection of his writing.
Fine selection of whose writing?

148.
148.Alice looked for her friend Jade in the crowd. Since she always has good luck, Alice spotted her quickly.
If  person B has good luck or person C is obvious, then person B spots person C quickly. If person B wears a red turban, then person B is obvious.
Who always has good luck?

149.Alice looked for her friend Jade in the crowd. Since she always wears a red turban, Alice spotted her quickly.
If  person B has good luck or person C is obvious, then person B spots person C quickly. If person B wears a red turban, then person B is obvious.
Who always wears a red turban?

149.During a game of tag, Ethan chased Luke because he was "it".
During a game of tag, if person B is a 'it',  then person B might chase somebody and somebody might run from person B.
Who was "it"?

150.During a game of tag, Ethan ran from Luke because he was "it".
During a game of tag, if person B is a 'it',  then person B might chase somebody and somebody might run from person B.
Who was "it"?